 There's a lot of people who are in the bathroom. No one will show that. There's very slowly in here. Ordinary people like John and myself, so they're in such a hard time listening. A colonial mansion of hereditary estate. I would say a haunted house. And it was the height of her manic層. But that would be asking too much of a fate. Still, no crowd would be clear that there's that in fear. That's why I ought to admit that so cheaply. And why her streets are long and timid. John laughs at me at once. But one expects that in marriage. John is practical in the extreme. He has no patience with faith. And intense horror superstition. And he's got openly at any talk of things not to be felt. And seen and put down in figures. John is a physician. And perhaps I would not say to a living soul of course, but this is dead paper and I'd like to live to my mind. Perhaps that is one reason I did not get well faster. And you see, he does not believe I am sick. And what can I do? But the physician and I sit in the bed. And what is his own husband? The streets are framed and religious. The bed is really nothing in that over there. But temporary nervous depression. A slight despair of ten minutes. And what is going to happen? My brother is also a physician. I'm also a high student. And he says the same thing. He's a very deep phosphate of boss-styles. Whatever it is. And journeys and eggs, exercise and absolutely everything for good and good work in relying well again. Personally, I disagree with what I do. Personally, I believe that continue with excitement and change. And if doing it good, what is one to do? I did write for a fine spider-like, but it does. I think this is a slide. I sometimes fancy that my condition. If I had less opposition and more society and stimulus, the John says the very worst thing I can do is think about my condition. And I confess it always makes me feel bad. So I will let it alone and talk about the house. The most beautiful place It is quite alone standing well back from the road quite three miles from the village. It makes me think of English placing that you read about. But there are hedges and walls and dates that walk and lots of separate little houses for the gardeners and people. There is a delicious garden. I never saw such a garden. Large and shady, full of box-boughted paths and lime with long-blood covered arborage and the house seats under them. There are green houses too, but they are all broken now. There was some legal trouble I did here. Something about the hairs and co-handlers. In the place that I have been for years. That spoils my ghosting and same frame. But I don't care. There is something strange about this. I can feel it. I even said so to John. He said that I felt his little drop. And he said, I'm sure I never used to be so sensitive. I think it is due to this nervous condition. But John says that by feel so, I should neglect proper self-control. So I take things to control myself. Before him, he said, that makes me very tired. I don't know why I thought really about this. I want to know if he's going to be on the piano. I have a bruise in his car. And I'm such pretty old fashioned chips. John has a bruise. He said, I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. I'm not a bruise. He takes all the care for me. And so, I feel basically uncomfortable about it. I said, I'm not a bruise. If I was to have perfect rest and all the air I could get, your exercise depends on your strength, my fear, and your food, somewhat on your appetite. But ever you can absorb all the time. So we took the nursery at the top of the house. It is a big airing the whole floor in the air with windows that look all the way and air and sunshine below. It was nursery first and then playroom and imagination as you judge. The windows are barred to the children and there are means that things are lost. The paint on paper look as if a boy's school had used it. It is stripped off the paper. In great patches all around the head of my bed. About as far as I know. I never saw it. It's never so long. I never saw it. It's never so long. It's never so long. I've been a school flanking and making every artistic. It's always my thing. It's the door to my ears. It's always my thing. I've been constantly irritated and provoked study and when you follow the main uncertain curves. The view of this thing they suddenly commit suicide plung off at outrageous angles. Destroy themselves and then herd of contradictions. The color is repellent. The color is repellent, almost engulfed. A smoldering, uncool yellow. Strungly faded by the slouching sun. I was like, oh, I don't know. I'm worried on the sun places. Silly, soft, and a tent, notice. No wonder the children painted it. I should hate it myself if I had to live in this room long. There comes a joy. I must have been so bored. It's not like the world. You can hear the trees. You can hear the trees. You're sitting by the window. Up in the stetrocious and more shriek. There's nothing to ignore my right. There's much of that thing. Say black, stroke. John is the way old. He even saw my tongue's facing this year's. I'm going to admire this and not see this. He's nervous troubles while it's red-free, depressing. John does not know how much I really suffered. He knows there is no reason to suffer. But that's not his face, huh? Of course it is only nervousness. It does weigh on me so not to do my duty in any way. I meant to be such a help to John, such a real rest and comfort. And here I am, a comparative burden already. No one would believe what an evidently is doing. Trust and entertainment. Another thing. It is fortunate Mary is so good with it being. Such a dearly. Yet I cannot. It makes me so nervous. I suppose John was never in my business life. He left me so about this world better. At first he meant to be sober to me. But afterwards he said that I was letting it get the better of me. And there's nothing in his world for a more despist. And to give way such chances. They said that after the war, he was too much in my business. And then he passed away. And then he gave it, but never despair. And so. You know the place is doing your best. And really did it. I don't care to renovate the house just for a 3-1 swim. Then do that as for the house. There are such pretty timings. Then you took me in his house and called me a press of relief. And said, you would do it down the side. And then he was like, He was like, He was like, He was like, I knew he would come back to home. He was like, I know he would come back to home. I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, Making fun of making fun of a<|ca|> Lurel from a place where the life was of full spirit. And he grew into on a land where the second man was born. And he saved from his works. I always danced, he subjected me to a walk-in and he was nearly an act. And cast with the darkness, The John is posh in the 90's. He's still in the 90's. He's still in the 90's. And now this week is like a short amount of time to all the 90's. And then I might turn it on. So I take it. I think sometimes I will only go to like, but really the first time to let the next. But I find it a pretty time. And it's so discouraged. I'm not gonna have any advice from paying you to put that money. When I get really well, John said he has nothing to do with that. And for long visit, he says he will soon get fired as my cookers. I still let me have those familiar people out here. I'm gonna show you how to do that. But I must not think about that. This paper next to me is a bit new for the business community. There's a recurrence of having a broken, person who goes to the store to ask for something. I get positively angry with the person who says, and he ever laughs at me. Up and down, sideways, they crawl. And those absurd, unbeaten eyes are everywhere. There's one little place for two breaths, looking at it. And the eyes will all up and down the line. And the little time of another. And the other sauce and the discretion of the animal. And we all know how much expression. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. And the little time of another. This turn often stops and it's sticking close to the ground. And this is the end of the second. And this is the end of the second. This is the end of the second. There comes John's sister. Such a weird situation. And so carefully, almost no guy can find a right one. She's a perfect person. She's the worst person. And he hits a no better person. And the only thing she thinks is the right one is the right one. But I can write, which is the easiest. There's one,ermeer's Brothers. I love him so much. Uh, oh no. He's there. He something unusual he hurts. know I'm gonna do it this time. So we just have a moment. I'm sure you can. I'm sure you can. I'm sure you can. Jesus, it's time. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just saying it's time to be back. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I have a friend who is in this kind of enterprise. And she says, he's just like John and I'm pretty. I'm just like John and I'm pretty. Only more, sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just such a good friend. I'm just a problem. I don't feel as if it was working out. Turn around. I feel a little too much. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. These guys. They've translated. Very good. Not True movies. have to bother. Down in the corner over there where it has not been touched and I determined for the thousandth time that I will follow that was having to some sort of conclusion. I know a little of the principle of design and I know this thing is not arranged on any laws of radiation or alteration or repetition or symmetry or anything else that I never heard of. It has repeated. Looked at in one way and each breath stands away. The bloated curves and fourishes. I kind of debase Romanesque with delirium trimmings. Go ladling up and down isolated columns of fertility. But on the other hand, they connect diagonally and the sprawling outlines run off in great slanting waves up to car like a lot of wallowing seaweed and full chase. The whole thing goes horizontally too at least at the same side. That exhaust myself and try to distinguish the order and score in the direction. They have used a horizontal breath for our freeze and that adds one deflating the confusion. There is one end of the room where it is almost intact and there when the crosslights fade and the low sun shines directly at the planet, I can almost fancy radiation after all. The interminable group tests seem to form around the common same and rush off in a heavy long pond as an equal distraction. It makes it a time to follow it. I will take a nap right there. I don't know why I should write this. I don't want to. I don't feel able and I know John did that absurd but I must say that I feel in some way. It is such relief. I have to take a picture of the half of the time and I am off and write down every single image. John says I must have gone through this much screen and here is what we take. Cut in the mirror or and watch the time it is something to say nothing. Ailing one means deer John. He loves and he deals and hates to have himself. I tried to have a real earnest reason to talk with him the other day and tell him how I wish he would let me go and make a visit to cousin Henry and Julia. But he said I wasn't able to go. Nor able to stand it after I got there and I did not make out a very good case for myself. For I was crying before I had finished. It is getting to be a great effort for me to think straight. Just this nervous weakness I suppose. And deer John gathered me up in his arms and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed and sat by me and read to me until I retired my head. He said I was his darling. I was comforted and all of you had and that I must take care of myself for his sake and keep well. He says no one but myself can help me out of it. That I must use my real and self-control and not let any silly fencees run away with me. There's one comfort. The baby is well and happy and does not have to occupy this nursery with a hearted wall of paper. If we had not used it the blessed child would have. What a fortunate escape. Why I wouldn't have a child of mine and impressionable little thing. Live in such a room for worlds. I never thought of it before but it is lucky that John kept me here after all. I can stand so much easier than a baby, you see. Of course I never mentioned it to a new one. I am too wise. But I keep watching about it this time. There are things in that paper and nobody knows from the world behind that outside pattern that damn shapes get clear of every day. It's always the same shape. Only very new. And it's like in one of us keeping down and drinking about the time that pattern. I don't like it that I wonder how they get into the pink. I wish John would take me away from here and have some hard time to John in my case because he was so wise and he doesn't know himself. I thought Charlie was not. It was new not. The new shines and all around just for the same reason. I hope to see it in the past. So, it's always comes in by one woman. John is asleep and I hit it to waking him. So I kept still and watched the moon line up and you later in the war people tell I thought you're going to see the paper didn't you? And when I came back, John was awake. What is it little girl who said, don't go walking about like that. You get cold. I thought it was a good time to talk. So I told him that really was not in and I wished him to take me away. What darling? At least we'll be up in three weeks and I can't see how to read before there are pairs not done at home and I cannot possibly leave town to smell. Of course, if you were in any danger, I could and would but you really are better. Whether you can see it or not. I'm a doctor here. I know you're gaining flesh and color. Your appetite is better. I thought it really much easier about you. I thought to weigh a bit more said I. Nor is much. And my appetite may be better in the evening when you are here but it is worse in the morning you are away. Bless her little heart said he would a great good home. She shall be a sick as she pleases. But now let's improve the shining hours by going to sleep. I'll talk about it in the morning. And you want to go away? I asked her why. How can I? Dear. It is only three weeks more and then we will take a nice little trip of a few days while Jenny is getting the house ready. Really dear, you are better. Better in body perhaps. I began to start short. Chris set up straight and looked at me with such a stern, reproachful look that I could not say another word. My darling said he. I beg of you for my second four child said as well as for your own. But you will never for one instant let that idea enter your mind. There is nothing so dangerous. So fascinating to a temperament like yours. It is a false and foolish fancy. Can you not trust me as a physician who I tell you so? Sir of course I said no more on that spot and we want to sleep for a while. If I was a seat first, I wasn't. And later for hours trying to decide whether that front pattern in that pattern really did move together or separate on a pattern like this like a light. There is a lack of secrets. The finds of law. There is a constant irritant to a normal mind. The color is hideous enough and unreliable enough and infuriating enough with the patterns to torture. Thank you and master it. But just as soon as you get well underway and following, it turns up back to summer salt and there you are. It slaps you in the face, knocks you down and tramples a punny. This is like a bad dream. The outside patterns are flawed or a best reminding one of the funnels. If you can imagine a toast to a room of joints and in turn the string of toasts, but in this kind of motion. That is something like it. There is sometimes there is one mark in between. There is one mark in between. There is one mark in between. There is two chains on the other two of us. In the sun she is in the string of all these watches at first floor and straightening. It seems so quickly that I never can quite believe it. That is why I want to hold this. I move right. I move, shines in all my memories and I wouldn't know what is the same paper. I'm not going to come to life. It's my life, tender life, and land flight, and we are still all on new light. It becomes bars. The outside pattern I mean, and the woman behind it as his plan is convenient. I didn't realize for a long time and was the show behind that dim sub pattern. But now I have quite sure it is a woman. But I do actually still do quite. I think it is a little pattern which I am so still. And it is so pleasant. It keeps me quiet by the hour. I lie down every so much. John says it was good for me and to see all I can. He started to have it. I'm looking me lie down and I'm not going to reach him. It is a very bad habit I have not convinced. For you see I don't see it. And that cultivates deceit. If I don't tell them I'm awake. Oh no. The fact is, I'm getting a little afraid of John. He seems very queer sometimes and even Jenny has an inexplicable look. It strikes me occasionally. I just as a scientific hypothesis. The perhaps it is the paper. I have watched John and he did not know I was looking and come into the room suddenly on the most innocent excuses. I've caught him several times looking at the paper in 22. I caught Jenny with her hand on it once. She didn't know I was in the room. And then I asked her about her. And then I asked her about her. And then I asked her, and then I asked her. And then she said, Do you know the paper? She turned around so she had been caught sleeping and looked quite angry asking me why I should frighten herself. And then she said, the paper stayed everything at touch. She said, and then she said, and then she said, and then she said, and then she said, oh my God, it was in John's room. And she was very beautiful. And then my hands didn't even sit. But I know she was studying that pattern. And I am determined that nobody should find out with myself. Life is so very much more exciting out than it used to be. You see, I have something more to expect. To get forward to watch. I really don't know about it. And I'm more quiet than it was. John is so pleased to see me in the room. And he laughed a little bit about it. And said, I seem to be bored. He needs to hide it in my closet. I turned off the light. I have no intention to hide it. It was a bit of a close of a lot of people. He wouldn't have made fun of me. He might even want to take me away. I don't want to leave now until I found it out. There is a week more. And I think that would be enough. I'm feeling ever so much better. I don't see much of night. But it's so interesting to watch the developments. But I think a bit too much about it. And the daytime is just ours and for us. There are always new shoots on the funnest. And new shows of yellow all the minutes. I can not do it. I am trying to consume this. But it is a strange moment. And next we think of all the yellow things. There's something else about it. Now I noticed it can not be taken into the room. There was so much fear and sound. And now we have a little problem. And part of the room is open and not. It's not a story. I never knew that I knew. I was still in the car hiding in the car. I didn't know that I knew that I knew that I knew that I knew. Even when I go to ride, if I turn my head suddenly into prizes, there is that smell. Such a peculiar odor too. I have spent hours in trying to analyze it. To find what it's smell like. It is not bad. And first. And very gentle. Take quite the sunnest. And most than during a ride, I've never met. And this damp weather is often a wake up in the night and find a new... And used to disturb me first. I thought seriously. I already had this to reach the smell. But now I'm used to it. The only thing I can think of is that it is like the color of the paper. A yellow smell. There's a very plain lot on this. A street on the right. It goes beyond everything. It is huge. As it has been rough, I wonder how it was done and flipped. And what they did is flipped. Round and round and round and round and round and round and round. It makes me dizzy. I really had discovered something about this. He watches so much at night. He changed his mind. Finally found it out. The foot pattern does move. And no wonder the woman behind shakes it. Sometimes I think I have written many room behind it. Sometimes I'm going to run. But she calls her out fast. And her phone shakes it all over. And then in the very front side, she walks around. And in the very shame spot, she just takes forward the bars and shakes them hard. And she's all the time trying to handle her. The nobody can handle that pattern. The street is so. And the parents have so many heads. They get through. And then the pattern strangles them all. And turns them upside down and makes it worse. Those heads were covered. I think that woman did time in the data. Not to you, Bob. I've seen her. I can see her at every one of the windows. It is the same woman I know. For she is always creeping and most women do not creep by daylight. I see her on the wrong road under the trees. Creeping along. And when a carriage comes, she hides under the blackberry vines. I don't blame her a bit. It must be very humiliated to be caught creeping by daylight. I know it's not the door. I'm worried about daylight. I can't do it at night. For I know John is suspect something was. And John is so queer now. But I don't want to irritate him. Wish you would take a look at the set. Oh no. I'm probably too good at that woman. I'm not a person. I have to look at him one of them. So now I have to remember his hands. It turns as his eyes can't. I can't see him. Oh no. She made the impede faster than I can turn. I've watched her sometimes away. Often the open country. Creeping as an accident. I outshadow in my eye window. I've only that talk to him. We've gotten off from the underworld. I mean to try it. Little by little. I found another funny thing. But I shot tell it was time. It does not do a trust paper too much. But I only tell you. I believe John is being killed. I don't know what he looked at. And I couldn't guess what I was. I have a lot of professional questions about. I just can't have a very good report to do. I saw a smart woman. John was a good person. Oh, I'm so fine. He doesn't know. I also have a question on his too. I think it's time to be very loving and kind. That's a good question. You know what? Still. Don't want to be ex. Just think you're one of those paper for three months. But only interest. But I feel sure John and Jim are secretly affected by it. Harah! This is the last gate. But it is enough. John is to stay in town overnight. And we'll be out until this evening. Jamie and I will sleep with me. The slot thing. But I told her I should undoubtedly rest better for a night. Oh no. That was clever. But I really wasn't alone a bit. As soon as it was moonlight and that four thing began to crawl and shake the pattern, I got up and ran to help her. I pulled and she shook. I shook and she pulled. And before morning we had peeled off the yards of the paper. A strip about as high as my head and half around the room. And then when the sun came and the off of pattern began to laugh at me, I declared I would finish it today. We go away tomorrow and they're all moving all my furniture down in time. Things as they were before. Jamie looked at the wall in amazing. But I told her merely that did it a pure spite of the sheer sting. She laughed and said she wouldn't mind doing it herself. But I must not get tired. How she betrayed herself at time. But I am here and no person touches this paper but me. Not alive. She tried to get me out of the room. But I said it so quiet that we think you mean now that I believe I would lie down again. She didn't call like her. I'm not too waking even for dinner. I would call her. So now she has gone and the servants are gone and the things are gone. And there's nothing left that great bedstit nailed that. And this mattress was found. She's just sitting downstairs to us and take a boat home to me. Like a flying jacket. There. How those children did tear about here. This bedstit is fairly not. But I am just going to work. I have walked the door and thrown the keys down to the door. I don't want to go out and I don't want to have anybody come in so John and from us. I want to go stung. I've got a rope here. I think even Jenny did not find. If that woman does get out and tries to get away, I can tie her. But I forgot I could not reach far without anything to stand on. This bed will not move. I tried to lift and push it until I was lean. And then I got so angry. I bit off a little piece at one corner. But it hurt my teeth. Then I peeled off all the paper I could reach standing on the floor. It sticks horribly and the pattern just enjoys it. All those strangled heads and pulled this eyes and waddling fungus gross. Just shriek with derision. I'm getting angry and up to do something desperate to jump out the window with the admirable exercise to the ballergy too strong even to try. Besides, I wouldn't do it. Of course not. I know well enough that a step like that is improper and might mean this construit. I don't like to even look out of the windows. There are so many of those creeping women and they creep so fast. I wonder if they all came out of that wall paper as I did. But I am securely fastened now but my well-cooked rope. You don't get me out of the wall. That's the close I shall have to get back behind the pattern when it comes night. And that is hard. It is so pleasant to be out in this great room and creep around as I please. I don't want to go outside. I want even if you don't ask me to. From outside you have to creep on the ground and everything is green instead of yellow. But here I can creep smoothly on the floor. And my shoulder just fits into that long smoothing around the wall. So I cannot lose my way. Why? There's John at the door. It's no usual man. You can't open it. How he does call and film. Now he's crying for an axe. He would be ashamed to break down that beautiful door. John dear. Said I in the journalist voice. The key is down by the front steps. Under a plan tame leaf. That sounds tone for a few moments. Then he said very quietly indeed. Open the door my darling. I can't said I. The key is down by the front door under a plan tame leaf. And then I said it again several times. Very gently and slowly. And said it so often that he had to go and see. I didn't got it of course and came in. He stopped short by the door. What is the matter he cried for God's sake what are you doing? I kept on creeping just the same. But I looked at him over my shoulder. I have got out at last said I in spite of you in Ginny. And I pulled off most of the paper so you can't put me back. Now why should the man have fainted? What he did and ran across my path by the wall so that I had to creep over him every time. End of the yellow wallpaper by Charlotte Perkins Gillenham. Recorded by Allen. Thomasville, Alabama. October 20th, 2006.