 This is a little bit of a trip for you. I don't even know what you are doing. For more information or to volunteer, please visit www.library.org. According to the manual, www.myspace-imature-understore-indefined. The yellow wall of the building is Charlotte, Brooklyn State. It is very seldom in here ordinary people like John and myself, such as your ancestral hall which we will see in a minute. A colonial mansion, a hereditary estate. I would say a haunted house and meets the height of a manic felicity, but that would be asking too much of fate. Still, I would proudly declare that there is something fair about it. But why else should it be left so cheaply? And why has Sturz so long intimidated John laughs at me, of course. But one expects that in marriage. John is practical in the extreme. He has no patience with faith, an intense horror of superstition, and he scoffs openly at any talk of things not to be felt and seen and put down in figures. John is a physician, and perhaps, I would not say to a living soul, of course, but this is dead paper and a great relief to my mind. Perhaps, that is one reason I did not get well faster. You see, he does not believe I am sick in what can only be done. A physician and high schooler, who wants own husband, to show his friends and relatives that there is really nothing to matter with one, but temporary nervous depression, a slight hysterical tendency. What is one to be felt? My brother is also a physician, and also a high schooler, and he says the same thing. So I take phosphates or phosphides, whichever it is, and tonics, and journeys, and air, and exercise, and I am absolutely forbidden to work until I am well again. Personally, I disagree with their ideas. Personally, I believe that continual work would excite me and change, and would do me good with what is one to do. I did write for a while in spite of them, but it does exhaust me of what I feel, and to do so slightly, and else I am forbidden to work until I am well again. I sometimes fancy that my condition, if I had less opposition and more society and stimulus, that John says the very worst thing I can do is think about my condition, and I confess it always makes me feel bad. So I would let it alone and talk about the house. The most beautiful place. It is quite alone, standing well back from the road, quite three miles from the village. It makes me think of English places that you read about, where there are hedges and walls and gates that lock, and lots of separate little houses for the gardeners and people. There is a delicious garden. I never saw such a garden. Large and shady, full of box-boarded paths, and lime with long, grit-colored arbors with seats under them. There were greenhouses too, but they are all broken now. There was some legal trouble, I believe. Something about the hares and co-hairs. Anything that placed a pin for years. That spoils my ghostliness, I'm afraid. But I don't care. There is something strange about the house. I can feel it. I even said so at the John. He said what I felt was a drop at some point. I'm sure. I get unreasonable reviews of John sometimes. I'm sure I never used to be so sensitive. I think it is due to this nervous conditioning. But John says if I feel so, I shall neglect proper self-control, so I take pains to control myself. Before him, at least, and that makes me very tired. I don't like our room, but it's. I wanted one downstairs to open on the piano side, and had roses all over the room. And such pretty old-fashioned chicks peed in the room with John with the spirits. This had me as a man one minute, and not room for two girls. And no near room for them if it took another. He is very terrible at loving me, and hardly lets me stir up that special direction. I'm just a secret prescription for each color on a day. He takes all care from me, and so I feel basically unbearable not to value him. He said he came here so early on that I was to have perfect rest and all the air I could get. Your exercise depends on your strength, my dear, said he, and your food somewhat on your appetite. But air you can absorb all the time. So he took the nursery at the top of the house. It is a big, airy room, the whole floor in the area, with windows that look all ways, and air and sunshine galore. It was nursery first, and then playroom and gymnasium, I should judge, where the windows are barred for little children, and there are reams and things in the walls. The paint on paper look as if a boy's school had used it. It is stripped off the paper, in great patches all around the head of my bed. About as far as I could reach, I could hear a great place on the other side of the room. I never saw an old pool in the middle of the night, and there were sprawling, flamboyant patterns committing every artistic scene. It is dull enough to confuse the eye of the father, but it is pronounced enough to constantly irritate and provoke study. And when you follow the lame, uncertain curves for a little distance, they suddenly commit suicide, plunge off at outrageous angles, destroy themselves, and unheard of contradictions. The color is repellent, almost revolting, a smoldering, unclean yellow, strangely faded by the slow train of sunflowers. It is a dull yet unheard arm of some places, sickly, self-retent knows. No wonder the children hated it. I should hate it myself if I had to live in this room long. There comes John, I must admit this man, and he makes him write a word. We've been here two years, and we haven't felt the same right since that first day. I'm sitting by the window now, up in this atrocious nursery, and there's nothing to hinder my writing as much as I please, to save lack of strength. John is away all day, and even some nights when his faces are serious, I'm glad my face is not serious. These nervous troubles are dreadfully depressing. John does not know how much I really suffer. He knows there is no reason to suffer, and that satisfies him. Of course it is only nervousness. It does weigh on me so not to do my duty in any way. I meant to be such a help to John, such a real rest and comfort, and here I am, a comparative burden already. No one would believe what an effort to put his teeth on the little eye of a woman, to dress, and entertain her, and others do this. It is fortunate Mary is so good with the baby. Such a dear baby. And yet I cannot be with him. It makes me so nervous. I suppose John was never nervous in his life. He laughs at me so about this wallpaper. At first he meant to re-paper the room, but afterwards he said that I was letting it get the better of me, and that nothing was worse for a nervous patient than to give way to such fences. He said that after the wallpaper was changed, it would be the heavy bedspread, and then the barbed windows, and then the gate ahead of the stairs, and so on. You know the place is doing you good, you see, and really dear. I don't care to renovate the house just for a three-months rental. Then do let us go downstairs, I guess. There are such pretty rooms there. Then he took me in his arms and called me a blessed little goose, and said he would go down to the cellar, and have a bright, bright, strange life. But he is not here. He is in prison. He is in prison. He must have been in a skin-and-pearl-ish, and in a black-and-white-ish, but it might not be the same. I don't think I'm just a little bit of a fool. It really is quite fun. Oh, my God, how cute. How do you know I'm black as a goose? Or is mysterious a dish? I'm just a little bit of a freak. I wish I could have a nice little choice. I don't know, but I can be a lovely view of the building, in a little private wharf belonging to the estate. There is a beautiful shaded room that runs very well from here. I always fancy my seat-keep walking in these numerous paths and hours, with John's caution not to be blown to the fancy, and the sky. He says that the modern-day church of God will have to store you. A nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all matters and subtle answers, and that I ought to be taught to be a good fit for such a joker team as I am. So I'll try. I think sometimes, if I were only willing to write, it would relieve the press by doing it in a restaurant, but I find I'd be too tired to be trying. It is so discouraging not to have any advice and companionship about my work. When I get really well, John says we will ask peasant female and jewelry-bound for a long visit. He says he will as soon as put fireworks in my pillowcase, as to let me have those stimulating people out in the night. I wish I could go faster, but I must not think about that. This paper looks to me as if it knew what a vicious conflict it had. There is a recurrent spot in the patterned layers of the broken neck between the furthest eye and the stirrer to the side of the neck. I get positively angry with the impertinent others and the everlastingness. Up and down in the sideways they call, and those absurd, ungrieving eyes are everywhere. There is one little place where two breaths don't match, and the eyes go all up and down the line, and then a little higher than the other. We have a sauce of much expression in the middle, and we all know how much expression we have. And you slide away as a child and get no more attention than that. It's terrible to have one foot walk and one foot drink, and the next children have no choice. I remember that I kindly winked at the logs of our big old bureau of the style, and looked at the run-chart of the outer side of the stronghold. I used to think that if any of the alebunds on the two floors were like almost topping the down churn of the dual-seated. Franchuring this room is no worse than in harmony with the style, but we had to bring it all up and down the stairs. I suppose when this was used as a playroom, they had to take the nursery things out. And no wonder I never saw such ravages as the children's have made here. The wallpaper that I sit before is torn off in spots, and it's sticking closer to the ground. The master of this room is a little safe. And the floor is fractured and damaged and shaked. The master of this room is a very heavy bed, which is hardly hanging on the ground. It looks as if it had been through the walls. But I don't know how to answer. There comes John's sister, such a dear girl she is, and so carefully admitted, and must not get a fine and whited. She is a perfect and bizarre stagast, in which we're no better professional. I believe in her. She thinks it is the right image of my sister. But I can write what she is, and I've been losing my long life for nearly years. There's one that comes in this book. I love this shape of her. And one that just looks like her. And two, big, big names. This one is the son of a bitch. A particularly irritating one. You can hear the speakers moving once. And the place is where he's not in control. And the sounds are just so funny. They're funny, so funny. And it seems to scope it out. So you can speak to those words. There's sister on the stairs. Well, the 4th of July is over. The people are gone and lying the entire house. John thought he might do me good to stay with company. So he just had mother on the bed, and the children down for a nap. Of course, the higher the number of people, the geniuses don't know that it's a tire. John said, I should send you to very much of your father. I got him into bed very early. I had a friend who was with us during his life. And she says he was just like John and my brother. Only more or less. Besides, there's such an interesting conversation. You don't feel as if it is worthwhile to turn my hand and go to him in my hand. And get him directly in front of the place. Of course, I don't do John's. Nobody knows. John is catching up with me very often to see his kids. And Junior is good. And that's what I know. So I walked away with him about a month ago. I don't know if I love him or not. I sit on the porch and read the wisdoms. And I run through. And I read that I'm part of the meaning-spighted world. Perhaps because of the world. It smells in my mind so. And I read this great, unbelievable book. It's a little game of life. And follow that pattern that I've had. It is as good as gymnastics, I assure you. I start, I will say, at the bottom. Down in the corner over there where it has not been touched. And I determine for the thousandth time that I will follow that deepest pattern to some sort of a conclusion. I know a little of the principle of design. And I know this thing is not arranged on any laws of radiation or alternation or repetition or symmetry or anything else that I've ever heard of. It is repeated, of course, by the breads, but not other breads. Looked at in one way, each bread stands alone. The bloated curves and flourishes, a kind of debased Romanesque with delirium trimmings, go waddling up and down in isolated columns of fertility. But on the other hand, they connect diagonally. And the sprawling outlines run off in great slanting waves of optic horror, like a lot of wallowing seaweeds in full chase. The whole thing goes horizontally too, at least it seems so. I exhaust myself and try to distinguish the order that's going in that direction. They have used a horizontal breadth for a freeze, and that adds wonderfully to the confusion. There is one end of the room where it is almost intact. And there, when the crosslights fade and the low sun shines directly upon it, I can almost fancy radiation after all. The interminable growth tests seem to form around the common center and rush off in headlong plunges of people's destruction. It makes me tired to follow it. I will take a nap, I guess. I don't know why I should write this. I don't want to. I don't feel able. And I know, John, I think that I've served. But I must save what I feel and think in some way it is such a relief. And the heavens need to be greater than me. Half the time that I am awfully busy and lie down ever so much. John says I mustn't lose my strength. And he has me take cod liver oil and lots of tonics and things to say nothing of ale and wine and rare meat. Dear John, he loves me dearly and hates to have me sick. I tried to have a real earnest reason to talk with him the other day and tell him how I wish he would let me go and make a visit to cousin Henry and Julia. But he said I wasn't able to go, nor able to stand it after I got there. And I did not make out a very good case for myself, for I was crying before I had finished. It is getting to be a great effort for me to think straight. Just this nervous weakness, I suppose. And dear John gathered me up in his arms and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed and sat by me and read to me until it tired my head. He said I wish his darling and his comfort in all he had and that I must take care of myself for his sake and keep well. He says no one but myself can help me out of it, that I must use my will and self-control and not let any silly fancies run away with me. There's one comfort. The baby is well and happy and does not have to occupy this nursery with a horrid wallpaper. If we had not used it, the blessed child would have. What a fortune and escape. Why, I wouldn't have a child of mine, an impressionable little thing, live in such a room for worlds. I never thought of it before, but it is lucky that John kept me here after all. I can stand it so much easier than a baby, you see. Of course I never mention it to them anymore. I am too wise. But I keep watching that I have a say in it. There are things in that paper that nobody knows but me, whatever world. Behind that outside pattern, the dim shapes get clearer every day. It's always the same shape, only very new. Then you just like me warm and sticking down and creaking about behind that pattern. I don't like it a bit. I wonder, I begin to think. I wish John would take me away from here. It's so hard to talk to John about my case. Because he was so wise, because he loves me so. But I tried it last night. It was moonlight. The moon shines in all around just as the sun does. I hate to see it sometimes. It feels so slow. It always comes in at one window at another. John was asleep and I hid it to wake him up. So I kept staring and watched the moonlight and that insulating wall of paper till I felt creepy. The fate for me behind it seemed to shape the pattern, just as if she knew I needed it out. I got up soft and I went to feel it. I see if the paper did move. And when I came back, John was awake. What is it little girl? He said. Don't go walking about like that. You'll get cold. I thought it was a good time to talk. So I told him that I really was not gaining him. And that I wished he would take me away. Why darling, our lease will be up in three weeks. And I can't see how to leave before. The repairs are not done at home. And I cannot possibly leave town just now. Of course, if you were in any danger, I could and would. But you really are a better leader. Whether you can see it or not, I am a doctor dear and I know you are gaining flesh and color. Your appetite is better. I thought it really much easier about you. I don't weigh a bit more, said I, nor as much. And my appetite may be better in the evening when you are here, but it is worse in the morning when you are away. Bless her little heart, said he with a great big hug. She shall be as sick as she pleases. But now, let's improve the shining hours by going to sleep and talk about it in the morning. And you won't go away? I ask really. Why, how can I dear? It is only three weeks more and then we will take a nice little trip of a few days while Ginny is getting the house ready. Really dear, you are better. Better in body perhaps, I began, and stopped short, for he sat up straight and looked at me with such a stern, reproachful look that I could not say another word. My darling, said he, I beg of you, for my sake and for our child's sake, as well as for your own, that you will never for one instant let that idea into your mind. There is nothing so dangerous, so fascinating to a temperament like yours. It is a false and foolish fancy. Can you not trust me as a physician when I tell you so? So of course I said no more on that score, and we went to sleep for four more minutes. He thought I was asleep first, but I wasn't. And lay there for hours trying to decide whether that front pattern and that back pattern really did move together or separately. On a pattern like this, like daylight, there is a lack of sequence, a defiance of law that is a constant irritant to a normal mind. The color is hideous enough and unreliable enough and infuriating enough, but the pattern is torturing. You think you have mastered it, but just as soon as you get well underway in following, it turns up back somersault and there you are. It slaps you in the face, knocks you down, and tramples upon you. This is like a bad dream. The outside pattern is a floored arabesque, reminding one of the funnels. If you can imagine a toadstool in joints, an interminable stream of toadstools, butting, scouting, and endless convolutions, why, that is something like it. That is, sometimes there is one mark of a familiar and not a familiar, but they know by the same standards for myself. And that is what changes as the earth changes. When the sun shoes in for a first window, I always watch that first long, straight rain. It changes so quickly that I never can quite believe it. That is why I watch it all the time. By moonlight, the moon shines in all night when there is a moon. I wouldn't know it is the same paper. At night, in any kind of light, in twilight, candlelight, lamp light, and worst of all, by moonlight, it becomes bars. The outside pattern I'm in, and the woman behind it is as plain as can be. I didn't realize for a long time what the thing was that showed behind that dim sub-pattern, but now I am quite sure it is a woman. By daylight, she is so due, quiet. I fancy that it is what happens in the future so still. And if it doesn't, it keeps me quiet by the hour. I lie down ever so much. John says it is good for me, and to sleep all I can. He started the habit by making me lie down for an hour to reach me. It is a very bad habit I am convinced, for you see I don't sleep. And that cultivates deceit, for I don't tell them I'm awake. Oh no. The fact is, I'm getting a little afraid of John. He seems very queer sometimes, and even Ginny has an inexplicable look. It strikes me occasionally, just as a scientific hypothesis, that perhaps it is the paper. I have watched John, and he did not know I was looking, and come into the room suddenly on the most innocent excuses. And I've caught him several times looking at the paper. And Ginny too, I caught Ginny with her hand on it once. She didn't know I was in the room. And I asked her if I was. I thought very well I was. But the most restraining thing that possible, what she was doing with the paper. She turned around as if she had been caught stealing, and looked quite angry. Asked me why I should frighten her so. Then she said, if the paper stained everything it touched, she had found yellow smooches on all my clothes and drawings. And she wished for me to be more careful. Did not have some innocent. But I know she was studying that pattern, and I am determined that nobody shall find it out with myself. Life is so very much more exciting now than it used to be. You see, I have something more to expect. To look forward to. To watch. I will do better, and I'm more quiet than I was. John is so pleased to see me in the room. He laughed a little the other day. Instead I seen big floors and he spied up my wallpaper. I turned it off for a while. I have no intention of telling him it was because of the wallpaper. He would make fun of me. He might even want to take me away. I don't want to leave now until I have found it out. There is a week more, and I think that would be enough. I'm feeling ever so much better, but I don't see much at night. It is so interesting to watch developments. But I see the good deal in the daytime. In the daytime, I'm just tired of something for a price. There are always new shoots on the fungus, and new shades of yellow all in it. I cannot keep counting. Well, I have tried to come to an interest, but it is as strange as it looks. It makes me think of all the yellow things I ever saw. The non-beautiful ones are the rubber cores. The old, the fat, the fat, the fat ones. There's something else about it. The smell. I noticed that when it came into the room, there was so much air and sun that it was not bright. Now we have had a week of bother in the room, and whether the windows are open or not, the smell is still here. The trees are all in the house. I find it ugly when I'm dining in the room. Sculpting in the car, hiding in the hall, blinding and waiting for me on the stairs, it gets in my head. Even when I go to ride, if I turn my head suddenly and surprise it, there is that smell. It's such a peculiar odor too. I have spent hours in trying to analyze it to find what it smells like. It is not bad at first, and very gentle. They're quite the subtlest and most enduring odor I've ever met. In this damp weather, it's awful. I wake up in the night and find it all over me. It used to disturb me first. I thought seriously of burning my house to reach the smell. But now I'm used to it. The only thing I can think of is that it is like the color of the paper. A yellow smell. There's a very plain marker on this one. You go down, you go up, you go straight, and around and around. It goes behind. There's this punch right there. Long straight, even smooch. As if it had been rubbed, very, very thick. I wonder how it was done, if it did. And what they did it for. Round and round and round, round and round and round. It makes me dizzy. I really have discovered something at last. Through watching so much at night, when it changes so, I have finally found it out. The front pattern does move. And no wonder the woman behind shakes it. Sometimes I think there are great mini-women behind, and sometimes only one. But she calls around fast, and her crawling shakes it all over. Then in very bright spots, she pops through. And in the very shady spots, she just ticks hold of the bars, and shakes them hard. And she's all the time trying to turn through. But nobody can climb through that pattern, and stream this out. I think that is why it has so many heads. They get through, and then the pattern strangles them all. And turns them upside down, and makes their eyes find the... Those heads are covered, and taken off, and not found half so bad. I think that woman gets out of the daytime. And I'll tell you what, I've seen her. I can see her out of every one of the windows. It is the same woman I know, for she is always creeping. And most women do not creep by daylight. I see her on that long road under the trees, creeping along. And when a carriage comes, she hides under the Blackberry Vines. I don't blame her a bit. It must be very humiliating to be caught creeping by daylight. I always lock the door when I creep by daylight. I can't do it at night, for I know John would suspect something at once. And John is so queer now, that I don't want to irritate him. I wish he would take another room. Besides, I don't want anybody to get that woman at night, but myself. I often wonder how to save her, how to get windows at once. But turn as fast as I can, I can only see out of one of the tunnel. And I always see her. She may be able to creep faster than I can turn. I have watched her sometimes, lay off in the open country, creeping as fast as a cloud shadow in a high wind. If only that top pattern could have gotten off from the under-earth. I mean to try it, little by little. I have found out another funny thing, but I shan't tell it at this time. I does not do the trust people too much. There are only two more ways to get this people off of me. And I believe John is beginning to get it. I don't want people at night. And I heard in this gym a lot of professional questions about me. She had a very good report to give. I saw a slut that you killed. John Hilt, I've seen her before. You all are so quiet. He asked me all sorts of questions too. I'm pretend that you're very loving and kind. As if I couldn't see through him. Still, I don't wonder he acts so sleeping under this paper for three months. It only interests me, but I feel sure John and Jimmy are secretly affected by it. Hurrah! This is the last day, but it is enough. John is to stay in town overnight and won't be out until this evening. Jimmy wanted to sleep with me on this slot thing. But I told her I should undoubtedly rest better for a night all alone. That was clever, but I really wasn't alone a bit. As soon as it was moonlight and that poor thing began to crawl and shake the pattern, I got up and ran to help her. I pulled and she shook. I shook and she pulled. And before morning we had peeled off yards of the paper. A strip about as high as my head and half around the room. And then when the sun came and that awful pattern began to laugh at me, I declared I would finish it today. We go away tomorrow and they're all moving all my furniture down into many things as they were before. Jimmy looked at the wall in amazement, but I told her merrily that I did it at a pure spike at the vicious thing. She laughed and said she wouldn't mind doing it herself, but I must not get tired. How she betrayed herself that time. But I am here and no person touches this paper but me. Not alive. She tried to get me out of the room. I was too happy. But I said it was so quiet and empty and clean now that I believed I would lie down again and sleep all I could. And not to wake me, even for dinner. I would call when I would. So now she is gone and the servants are gone and the things are gone and there is nothing left that Great Bedstead nailed down into the canvas mattress we found that was. We shall sneak downstairs tonight and take the boat home tomorrow. I quite enjoyed the room. But now there are none. How those children did tear about here. This bedstead is fairly gnawed. But I must get to work. I have locked the door and thrown the key down into the compact. I don't want to go out and I don't want to have anybody come in until John comes. I want to astonish him. I've got a rope up here that even Ginny did not find. If that woman does get out and tries to get away, I can tie her. But I forgot I could not reach far without anything to stand on. This bed will not move. I tried to lift and push it until I was lame. And then I got so angry I bit off a little piece at one corner. But it hurt my teeth. Then I peeled off all the paper I could reach standing on the floor. It sticks horribly and the pattern just enjoys it. All those strangled heads and bulbous eyes and waddling fungus growths just shriek with derision. I'm getting angry enough to do something desperate. To jump out of the window with the admirable exercise, the bars are too strong even to try. Besides, I wouldn't do it. Of course not. I know well enough that a step like that is improper and might be misconstrued. I don't like to even look out of the windows. There are so many of those creeping women and they creep so fast. I wonder if they all came out of that wallpaper as I did. But I am securely fastened now by my well-hidden rope. You don't get me out in the road there. I suppose I shall have to get back behind the pattern when it comes night and that is hard. It is so pleasant to be out in this great room and creep around as I please. I don't want to go outside. I won't even if Jenny asked me to. For outside you have to creep on the ground and everything is green instead of yellow. But here I can creep smoothly on the floor and my shoulder just fits into that long smooch around the wall so I cannot lose my way. Why? There's John at the door. It's no use young man. You can't open it. How he does call and pound. Now he's crying for an axe. It would be a shame to break down that beautiful door. John dear! Said I in the gentlest voice. The key is down by the front steps under a plantain leaf. That silence told him for a few moments. Then he said, very quietly indeed, Open the door my darling. I can't said I. The key is down by the front door under a plantain leaf. And then I said it again several times, Very gently and slowly, And said it so often that he had to go and see. And he got it of course and came in. He stopped short by the door. What is the matter? he cried. For God's sake what are you doing? I kept on creeping just the same. But I looked at him over my shoulder. I've got out at last said I, In spite of you and Jenny. And I've pulled off most of the paper. So you can't put me back. Now why should the man have fainted? But he did. And right across my path by the wall. So that I had to creep over him every time. End of The Yellow Wallpaper by Charlotte Perkins Gilman. Recorded by Alan Nova. Thomasville, Alabama. October 20th, 2006. The Yellow Wallpaper by Charlotte Perkins Gilman.