 There's a lot of people who are in the bathroom. No one will show that. There's very slowly in here. Ordinary people like John and myself, so they're in such a hard time listening. A colonial mansion of hereditary estate. I would say a haunted house. And it was the height of her manic層. But that would be asking too much of a fate. Still, no crowd would be clear that there's that in fear. That's why I ought to admit that so cheaply. And why her streets are long and timid. John laughs at me at once. But one expects that in marriage. John is practical in the extreme. He has no patience with faith. And intense horror superstition. And he's got openly at any talk of things not to be felt. And seen and put down in figures. John is a physician. And perhaps I would not say to a living soul of course, but this is dead paper and I'd like to live to my mind. Perhaps that is one reason I did not get well faster. And you see, he does not believe I am sick. And what can I do? But the physician and I sit in the bed. And what is his own husband? The streets are framed and religious. The bed is really nothing in that over there. But temporary nervous depression. A slight despair of ten minutes. And what is going to happen? My brother is also a physician. I'm also a high student. And he says the same thing. He's a very deep phosphate of boss-styles. Whatever it is. And journeys and eggs, exercise and absolutely everything for good and good work in relying well again. Personally, I disagree with what I do. Personally, I believe that continue with excitement and change. And if doing it good, what is one to do? I did write for a fine spider-like, but it does. I think this is a slide. I sometimes fancy that my condition. If I had less opposition and more society and stimulus, the John says the very worst thing I can do is think about my condition. And I confess it always makes me feel bad. So I will let it alone and talk about the house. The most beautiful place It is quite alone standing well back from the road quite three miles from the village. It makes me think of English placing that you read about. But there are hedges and walls and dates that walk and lots of separate little houses for the gardeners and people. There is a delicious garden. I never saw such a garden. Large and shady, full of box-boughted paths and lime with long-blood covered arborage and the house seats under them. There are green houses too, but they are all broken now. There was some legal trouble I did here. Something about the hairs and co-handlers. In the place that I have been for years. That spoils my ghosting and same frame. But I don't care. There is something strange about this. I can feel it. I even said so to John. He said that I felt his little drop. And he said, I'm sure I never used to be so sensitive. I think it is due to this nervous condition. But John says that by feel so, I should neglect proper self-control. So I take things to control myself. Before him, he said, that makes me very tired. I don't know why I thought really about this. I want to learn about this because I feel like I'm really tired. I want to learn about this because I feel like I'm really tired. I want to learn about this because I feel like I'm not tired. And how creo is it now? I do not know what it is going to be. And such pretty old fashioned chipsman. John asked me to do it. This is what goes to my hand. Oh, not really. This is what goes to my hand. No, no. I'm not really fine. I'm just taking up. This is great. and I think that's my strength and special courage. And this is your description for each color. He takes all your care for me. And so not for you, basically, I'm pretty full of your power. He said, we came here so young. If I was to have perfect rest and all the air I could get. Your exercise depends on your strength, my fear, and your food, somewhat on your appetite. But ever you can absorb all the time. So we took the nursery at the top of the house. It is a big airing in the whole floor in the air. With windows that look all the way in the air and sunshine below. It was nursery first and then play room in the nation, as you judge. But the windows are barred for the children. And there are means that things belong to the walls. The paint on paper look as if a boy's school had used it. It is stripped off the paper. In great patches all around the head of my bed about as far as I can. I never saw it in the air. You know, the square, flamboyant, having a pretty every artistic style. You know, you're not using your own body. You have to constantly irritate and provoke study. And when you follow the main uncertain curves, you need a distance. They suddenly commit suicide. Plend off at outrageous angles. Destroy themselves and then herd of contradictions. The color is repellent. Almost forgotten. A smoldering uncream yellow. Strungly faded by the slouching sun. I don't know. They're all in some places. Sickly self-retent notice. No wonder the children painted it. I should hate it myself. I had to live in this room long. I was happy to see it. I didn't even turn right away. You've been here two days. I haven't felt right. You're sitting by the window. Up in the staccrocious and merciless way. Nothing to ignore my right is much as I think. I say black stroke. John is the way old. Even some night's been to this place for years. I'm glad in my close to my face. These nervous troubles are out to let me confess. John does not know how much I really suffered. He knows there is no reason to suffer. But not satisfied, sir. Of course it is only nervousness. It does weigh on me so not to do my duty in any way. I meant to be such a help to John. Such a real rest and comfort. And here I am, a comparative burden already. No one would believe what an evidently is. I'm not a terrible person. It is fortunate Mary is so good with it. Such a dearly. Yet I cannot. It makes me so nervous. I said, John is never in my business life. He left me so about this world better. I first eventually broke with one of my parents. But afterwards he said that I was letting it get better from me. And there is nothing in this world for a more despist. And to give way such chances. They said that after the war, they were just too much to know. They would have made it even better. And then they barred with it. And then they gave it better for the spirits. And so you know the places during the war. And really did it. I don't care to renovate the house just for a 3-1 sprint. Then do that as for the other stairs. There are such pretty timings there. Then you took me in this apartment called the Press of Grim Reaper. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And then you took me in this apartment. And now you take me to... And you took me in this apartment. And then you took me... And then you took me in... Now you are not that private group. A long period of state. There is a beautiful Sheevi君. That doesn't work on minors. I will only run to my favorite league the first time in the world. But I found it a pretty time. And it's so distilled. I'm not gonna have any advice from any trip about my life. When I get really well, John said he has something to do with that. And I'm going visit him and says he will soon get fired as my cookers. As to let me have those familiar people out here. I'm gonna show you how to do that. But I must not think about that. This paper next to me is a bit new for the British history. There's a recurrence spot in it. Having a look in it. Perhaps you can go this far. I get positively angry when it pertains to it. And the everlastingness of the downing side is the call. And those absurd and confusing eyes are everywhere. There's one little place for two breaths. And the eyes will all up and down the line. And the little time of another. We have a sauce and a little suppression in the downwater. And we all know how much expression. The sky waves the shadow. And the moment it came. The moment the wind blows. The next turn. The next turn. I remember the tiny wind. The noise about the good old views. The noise about the sun. The sun. The wind is the good. The wind is the good. This dark went down a lot. By the wind. Let's cut them down. Finish them in this window. To no worse the üzering out. Let's do a few steps. That's the purpose in this museum that the encounter may have to take in your son and Mom's body. And No wonder. I'm never saw such guidance was of the children's have laid here. The wall surface is turned off in socks. and it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it's sticking close to the ground. And it actually sticks close to the ground. What's on with this thing that is supposed toax it, electrons and gauges, there's rubbish. And that's just how much and killer. It is as good as gymnastics I assure. I start, and I say, at the bottom. Down in the corner over there, where it has not been touched. And I determine for the thousandth time that I will follow that, as having to some sort of a conclusion. I know a little of the principle of design. And I know this thing is not arranged on any laws of radiation or alteration or repetition or symmetry. Or anything else that I've ever heard of. It has repeated of course. I never did that, but not. Looked at in one way. It's breath stands away. The bloated curves and foreshes. I kind of debase Romanesque with delirium trimmings. Go waddling up and down in isolated columns of faturity. But on the other hand, they connect diagonally. And the sprawling outlines run off in great, slanting waves up to car. Like a lot of wallowing seaweed and full chase. The whole thing goes horizontally too. At least at the same side. That exhaust myself and try to distinguish the order and its goal in the direction. They have used a horizontal breath for a freeze. And that adds wonderfully to the confusion. There is one end of the room where it is almost intact. And there, when the crosslights fade and the loose sun shines directly at the planet, I can almost fancy radiation after all. The interminable group tests seem to form around the common scene. And rush off in a heavy long pond with an equal destruction. And makes it a time to follow it. I will take a nap right now. I don't know why I should write this. I don't want to. I don't feel able. And I know John did that absurd. But I must. Say what I feel. You can suddenly get to such relief. You never need to be afraid you will be able. And half the time I am off. And ride down ever so much. John says I must have been his master. And here as we take codeniver or, and lots of tonic some things to say nothing. Ailing wine, a little meat. Dear John, he loves and a deal. And hates to have himself. I tried to have a real earnest reason to talk with him the other day. And tell him how I wish you would let me go and make a visit to cousin Henry and Julia. But he said I wasn't able to go. Nor able to stand it after I got there. And I did not make out a very good case for myself. For I was crying before I had finished. It is getting to be a great effort for me to think straight. Just this nervous weakness I suppose. And dear John gathered me up in his arms and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed. And sat by me and read to me until I heard my head. He said I was his darling, I was comforted and all of you had. And that I must take care of myself for his sake. And keep well. He says no one but myself can help me out of it. That I must use my real and self-control and not let any silly fencees run away with me. There's one comfort. The baby is well and happy. And does not have to occupy this nursery with a hoarded wall of paper. If we had not used it, the blessed child would have. What a fortune in a scape. Why? I wouldn't have a child of mine and impressionable little thing. Live in such a room for worlds. I never thought of it before. But it is lucky that John kept me here after all. I can stand it so much easier than a baby, you see. Of course I never mentioned it to the new one. I am too wise. I could actually watch it all the same. There are things in that paper and nobody knows from me. I have a world behind that outside pattern. The damn shapes get clearer every day. It's always the same shape. Only very new. And just like in the one, just keeping down and breaking about the one that pattern. I don't like it that I wonder how to get into the pink. I wish John would take me away from here. It's a hard time to John in my case. Because he was so wise. Because he wasn't so. But that turned him right. He was new now. The new shines in all around just the same way. I think the same thing happens. He was so slow. All his comes in by one million dollars. John was asleep and I hit it to waking him. So I kept still and watched the moon line up and you laid in your eye. I hope you were tired for a few days. I think he was very pretty behind that same shape pattern. Just a picture on it. I thought I was so happy. I see that the paper didn't even. And when I came back, John was awake. What is this little girl who said, don't go walking about like that. You get cold. I thought it was a good time to talk. So I told him that really was not in and I wished he would take me away. Why darling? I at least would be up in three weeks. And I can't see how to be before. There are pairs not done at home. And I cannot possibly be down just now. Of course, if you were in any danger, I could and would. But you really are better here. Whether you can see or not. I'm a doctor here. I know you're gaining flesh and color. Your appetite is better. I thought it really much easier about you. I thought it would have bits more, said I. More is much. And my appetite may be better in the evening when you are here. But it is worse in the morning you are awake. Bless her little heart, said he would a great big hug. She shall be at sick as she pleases. But now let's improve the shining hours by going to sleep. I'll talk about it in the morning. And you want to go away? I asked, will you? Why? How can I, dear? It is only three weeks more. And then we will take a nice little trip of a few days while Ginny is getting the house ready. Really, dear? You are better. Better in body perhaps. I began to start short. For a set up straight and looked at me with such a stern, reproachful look that I could not say another word. My darling said he, I'd better be. For my second four child soon as well as for your own. But you will never for one instant let that idea into your mind. There is nothing so dangerous. So fascinating to a temperament like yours. It is a false and foolish fancy. Can you not trust me as a physician who I tell you so? Sir, of course I said no more on that spot. And we went to sleep for a while. He thought I was a sleep first. He thought I was a sleeper. And later for hours trying to decide for that front pad and that pad. Really did we together or separate? On a pad in like this like they were at. There is a lack of secrets. Had the fines of law. There is a constant irritant to a normal mind. The color is hideous enough. And unreliable enough. And infuriating enough. With the patterns to fortune. Thank you and master. But just as soon as you get well underway and following. It turns up back to summer salt and there you are. It slaps you in the face. Knocks you down and tramples it on you. This is like a bad dream. The outside pad runs a Florida Arab bus. Reminding one of the funnels. If you can imagine a towed stool and joints. An internal stream of towed stools. But in this kind of motion. Right. That is something like it. That is sometimes. There is one mark. There is one mark. There is one mark. There is a chain of tows. There is a chain of tows. And the sun shits in. It's true. Now all these watchers have first floor. It's a very strange way. It's in just so quickly that I never can quite believe it. That is why I want to watch it all. But I'm going to. The moon shines in all night. There is a moon. I wouldn't know it was the same paper. And night. And the kind of light. And it's bright light. Chandler light. And the night light. And worse than all of the moon light. It becomes bars. The outside pattern. And the woman behind it as his plan is convenient. But I didn't realize for a long time. And why is the show behind. That dim sub pattern. But now I have quite sure it is a woman. But they are just so do. Quite. I've been listening to some pattern. I'm so still. And I said, doesn't it keep me quiet by the hour? I lie down every so much. John says it was good for me. And to see all I can. He started to have it. I'm looking me lie down. And how much more. It is a very bad habit I have I've convinced. For you see, I don't see it. And that cultivates deceit. If I don't tell them I'm awake. Oh no. The fact is, I'm getting a little afraid of John. He seems very clear sometimes. And even Ginny has an inexplicable look. It strikes me occasionally. And just as a scientific hypothesis. That perhaps it is the paper. I have watched John and he did not know I was looking. And come into the room suddenly on the most innocent excuses. And I've caught him several times looking at the paper. And Ginny too. I caught Ginny with her hand on it once. She didn't know I was in the room. And then I asked her. And then I asked her, she was thrown in the room. And she was doing the paper. She turned around so she had been caught sleeping. And looked quite angry as me while I was your frightened herself. And she said, the paper stayed everything at touch. She had found a little smudges on all my clothes and jeans. And she was so beautiful. Did my hands stand in the kitchen? But I know she was studying that pattern. And I am determined that nobody should find out with myself. Life is so very much more exciting now than it used to be. You see, I have something more to expect. To get forward to watch. I really don't know about it. And I'm more quiet than it was. Ginny is so pleased to see me through. And I'm not going to be able to bear it. And say I seem to be a poor person. He's probably not going to walk. I turned around. And I have no intention to find him. He was a bit tired of the walk. He would make fun of me. He might even want to take me away. I don't want to leave now until I found him out. There is a week more. And I think that would be enough. I'm feeling ever so much better. I don't see much of night. But it's so interesting to watch the developments. But I think a bit later on, I'm not going to be able to. And they tell me it's a tyrosine for the first time. There are always new shoots on the funnest. And new shows that you're all going to find. I can not keep trying to. I'm trying to come to you. But it is a strange moment. And it's going to be a big problem. It's a big problem. And I'm going to be the one who has a lot of things. And I'm going to be the one who has a lot of things. There's something else about it. It's snow. And notice the commute between us and the room. There's so much air in the snow. And now we've had a huge problem. And quite a bit of wind is open or not. We're so excited. And it's really snow. I need to cover the wind down. I'm still feeling a power. I need to hide in the car. I need to make sure that it's in the car. Even when I go to ride, if I turn my head suddenly in surprises, there is that smell. Such a peculiar odor, too. I have spent hours in trying to analyze it. To find what it's snowing. It is not bad. And first. And very gentle. Take quite the sun. The most thing during the ride ever met. And this damp weather is often. I wake up in the night and find a new... And I'm used to the storm first. I thought seriously. I already had this to reach the snow. But now I'm used to it. The only thing I can think of is that it is like the colour of the paper. A yellow snow. There's a very plain lot on the snow. I'm just going to go to the snow. The street on the ground. It goes beyond the mountains. It's a pretty sunny day. So I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. As if it had been rough. I really couldn't. I wonder how it was done. I'm afraid. I'm not very good at this. Round and round and round. Round and round and round. It makes me dizzy. I really had discovered something about this. He was watching so much it might be changed. I'm finally found it out. The foot pattern does move. And no wonder the woman behind shakes it. Sometimes I think I have a great mini room behind. Sometimes I'm going to the one. But she calls her out fast. And her phone shakes it all over. And then in the very front side, she just takes her to the bars and shakes them hard. And she's all the time trying to handle her. But nobody can find her that pattern. It's extremely sunny. And that's where it has so many heads. They get through. And then the pattern strangles them all. It turns them upside down. And makes it worse. But the ground goes ahead. The cover will take them off. And not that bad. It's a bad thing. I think that woman did time the day time. I'm not telling you off. I've seen her. I just see her at the very one of the windows. It is the same woman I know. For she is always creeping. And most women do not creep by daylight. I see her on the wrong road. Under the trees. Creeping along. And when a carriage comes, she hides under the white light. And when a carriage comes, she hides under the whiteberry vines. I don't blame her a bit. It must be very humiliated to be caught creeping like they got. I know it's not the door. I'm worried about daylight. I can't do it at night. For I know John is suspect something was. And John is so clear now. But I don't want to irritate him. Wish you would take him out. Yeah. I'm sorry. I don't know. I don't want to be like that woman. I don't want to be like that woman. I don't want you. I don't want to be like that. I don't want to be like that. It turns, asses I can. Like you see it. I don't want to be like that. I don't want to be like that. She may be able to creep faster than I can turn. I've watched her sometimes away. Often the open country, creeping as an actor, and I'll shadow in her high wind. I'm going to talk to him. We've gotten off from the other. I need to try it. We'll go by him. I found another funny thing. But I shot tell him this time. It does not do a little trespassing too much. But I only tell you. It's me and my mom. I've really done it. I don't want to hear what that is. And I couldn't just tell him a lot of professional questions about him. She's got a very good report to do. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. She's got a smart report. I'm just going to find an electronics downtown, it'll only enter a signal, but I feel sure John Gerry no secretly affected by it. Rob, this is the last day, that it is enough. John is to stay in town overnight, and will be out until the same evening. Damien gone and proceeded to meet me to a slot. But I told her I should undoubtedly waste better for a night alone. That was clever, but I really wasn't alone a bit. As soon as it was moonlight, and that four thing began to crawl and shake the pattern, I got up and ran to help her. I pulled and she shook. I shook and she pulled, and before morning we had peeled off yards of the paper. I stripped about as high as my head, and half around the room. And then when the sun came and that off of pattern began to laugh at me, I declared I would finish it today. We go away tomorrow, and they're all moving all my furniture down in time. Many things as they were before. Jeannie looked at the wall in the maize me, but I told her, merely, that didn't have a pure spite of the vicious thing. She laughed and said she wouldn't mind doing it herself, but I must not get tired. How she betrayed herself at time. But I am here, and no person touches this paper but me. Not alive. She tried to get me out of the room. But I said, so quiet, and I think you can now lovely that would lie down again. She called like her. I'm not too waking, even for dinner. I would call her. So now she has gone, and the servants are gone, and the things are gone. And there's nothing left that great bed stand nailed down. And the cameras were not chosen from them. It was just a downstairs table. It took the book home to my wife. My children? How those children did tear about here? This bed stand is fairly not. But I am just going to work. I have walked it over and thrown the truth down to the table. I don't want to go out. And I don't want to have anybody come in until John comes. I want to go stonge. I've got a rope here. I think even Ginny did not find. If that woman does get out and tries to get away, I can tie her. But I forgot I could not reach far without anything to stand on. This bed will not move. I tried to lift and push it until I was lame. And then I got so angry. I bit off a little piece at one corner. But it hurt my teeth. Then I peeled off all the paper I could reach standing on the floor. It sticks horribly. And the pattern just enjoys it. All those strangled heads and bowled this eyes and waddling fungus gross just shriek with derision. I'm getting angry and up to do something desperate to jump out the window with the admirable exercise. The bar is too strong even to try. I'm not sure if I can get the exercise I wouldn't do it. Of course not. I know well enough that a step like that is improper and might mean this construit. I don't like to even look out of the windows. There are so many of those creeping women in the creeps so fast. I wonder if they all came out of that wall paper as I did. But I am securely fastened now but I will hit the rope. You don't get me out of the room. As a close I shall have to get back behind the pattern when it comes night and that is hard. It is so pleasant to be out in this great room and creep around as I please. I don't want to go outside. I want even if you ask me to. Froude side you have to creep on the ground and everything is green instead of yellow. But here I can creep smoothly on the floor. And my shoulder just fits into that long smoothing around the wall. So I cannot lose my way. Why? There is John at the door. It is no usual man. You can't open it. How he does call and film. Now he is crying for an axe. He would be ashamed to break down that beautiful door. John dear. Said I in the genitalist voice. The key is down by the front steps. Under a plantain leaf. That sounds tone for a few moments. Then he said very quietly indeed. Open the door my darling. I can't say that I. The key is down by the front door under a plantain leaf. And then I said it again several times. Very gently and slowly. And said it so often that he had to go and see. I didn't got it of course and came in. He stopped short by the door. What is the matter he cried for God's sake? What are you doing? I kept on creeping just the same. But I looked at him over my shoulder. I have got out at last said I. In spite of you and Jenny. And I pulled off most of the paper. So you can't put me back. Now why should the man have fainted? What he did. And ran across my path by the wall so that I had to creep over him every time. End of the yellow wallpaper. By Charlotte, Perkins, Gilman. Recorded by Alan Lough. Thomasville, Alabama. October 20 DON 7833 6. They built in. Yeah! New here again. Friday 411. In return to church and watch.