 There's a lot of people who are in the bathroom. No one will show that. There's very slowly in here. Ordinary people like John and myself, so they're in such a hard time listening. A colonial mansion of hereditary estate. I would say a haunted house. And it was the height of her manic層. But that would be asking too much of a fate. Still, no crowd would be clear that there's that in fear. That's why I ought to admit that so cheaply. And why her streets are long and timid. John laughs at me at once. But one expects that in marriage. John is practical in the extreme. He has no patience with faith. And intense horror superstition. And he's got openly at any talk of things not to be felt. And seen and put down in figures. John is a physician. And perhaps I would not say to a living soul of course, but this is dead paper and I'd like to live to my mind. Perhaps that is one reason I did not get well faster. And you see, he does not believe I am sick. And what can I do? But the physician and I sit in the bed. And what is his own husband? The streets are framed and religious. The bed is really nothing in that over there. But temporary nervous depression. A slight despair of ten minutes. And what is going to happen? My brother is also a physician. I'm also a high student. And he says the same thing. He's a very deep phosphate of boss-styles. Whatever it is. And journeys and eggs, exercise and absolutely everything for good and good work in relying well again. Personally, I disagree with what I do. Personally, I believe that continue with excitement and change. And if doing it good, what is one to do? I did write for a fine spider-like, but it does. I think this is a slide. I sometimes fancy that my condition. If I had less opposition and more society and stimulus, the John says the very worst thing I can do is think about my condition. And I confess it always makes me feel bad. So I will let it alone and talk about the house. The most beautiful place It is quite alone standing well back from the road quite three miles from the village. It makes me think of English placing that you read about. But there are hedges and walls and dates that walk and lots of separate little houses for the gardeners and people. There is a delicious garden. I never saw such a garden. Large and shady, full of box-boughted paths and lime with long-blood covered arborage and the house seats under them. There are green houses too, but they are all broken now. There was some legal trouble I did here. Something about the hairs and co-handlers. In the place that I have been for years. That spoils my ghosting and same frame. But I don't care. There is something strange about this. I can feel it. I even said so to John. He said that I felt his little drop. And he said, I'm sure I never used to be so sensitive. I think it is due to this nervous condition. But John says that by feel so, I should neglect proper self-control. So I take things to control myself. Before him, he said, that makes me very tired. I don't know why I thought really about this. I want him to be honest. I don't know why I thought really about this. I want him to be honest. Because he's looking on the piano. And how he grows is probably over the minute. And such pretty old fashioned chips. And John has heard. He said, I'm not really too good at this. I know really, really, really for him. To be another. He's very, very, very lucky. And I think that's my strength, that's my strength. That's my strength. And this is your description for each color. He takes all the care for me. And so not to be a patient. And I think that's my strength. And I think that's my strength. And that's my strength. And that's my strength. And all the air I could get. Your exercise depends on your strength, my fear, and your food, somewhat on your appetite. But ever you can absorb all the time. So we took the nursery at the top of the house. It is a big airing. The whole floor in the air. With windows that look all the way. And air and sunshine below. It was nursery first. And then play room and imagination. I should judge. But the windows are barred. And the windows are barred. And there are means. And there are the walls. The paint on paper look as if a boy's school had used it. It is stripped off. The paper. In great patches all around the head of my bed. About as far as I can. And never saw it. And never saw it. The smell of the flame. And the smell of the flame. And the smell of the flame. And the smell of the flame. And the smell of the flame. And the smell of the flame. And when you follow the main uncertain curves. The most important thing. They suddenly commit suicide. Plunge off at outrageous angles. Destroy themselves. And then heard of contradictions. The color is repellent. Almost forgotten. A smoldering uncream yellow. Strungly faded by the slouching of some. I don't know. I don't know. There are some places. Silly, self-retent notice. No wonder the children painted it. I should hate it myself. I had to live in this room long. There are some places. The room long. There comes joy. I must have been so, I don't even know. You can hear it. I can hear it. I can hear it. He's sitting by the window. Up in this cathosious and nursery. I was nothing to hear. I was not just like him. I saved black stroke. John is the way. He's living some nights in his place of his years. I'm glad in my place of my series. He's nervous troubles while to let me confess. John does not know how much I really suffered. He knows there is no reason to suffer. But not satisfied, sir. Of course it is only nervousness. It does weigh on me so much to do my duty in any way. I'm into this such a help to John, such a real rest and comfort. And here I am, a comparative burden already. No one would believe what an end of the day. I'm not a person. It is fortunate Mary is so good with it. Such a dearly, yet I cannot. He makes me so nervous. I said, John is never in my place in his life. He laughs at me so much that I've just walked in. And first he mentioned we've spoken with women. But afterwards he said that I was letting it get the better of me. And there's nothing in his works for a nervous patient in the give way such chances. He said that after the war, he was too much to know. He was going to be the hippies. And then he barked when he was a kid. And then he gave her the hair for the scales. And so you know the places during the day. And really did it. I don't care to renovate the house just for a three-one swim. Then do that as for the scales. There are such pretty timings there. Then he took me in his arms and palm and pressed the green. And said, you look down and say, I'm not a good guy, I'm a good guy. I think he is right here. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He looks like a good one. That's how he looks. Before I came here he looked. Well, I'm really impressed by the music. But I found it a pretty tired. And it's so discouraged. I'm not gonna have any advice from paying you to put that money. When I get really well, John said he has something to do. And I'm going visit him and says he will soon get fired. That's not a joke. As to let me have those familiar people out here. I'm gonna push that with my fast-forward. But I must not think about that. This paper next to me is a bit new for the British community. There's a recurrence spot in it. Having the latest, I'm looking at the 14th of August. I get positively angry with the Emperor itself. And the everlastingness of the downing side is the call. And those absurd, unbeknownst in the eyes are everywhere. There's one little place for two breaths, looking at it. And the eyes will all up and down the line. And the little time of the night, another, another, and a little sauce and a little suppression. And we all know how much expression we have. The French who in this world is no worse than the Chinese. We had to bring all our current slaves. As a purpose when this was used as a player, we had to take a nursery and it's out. And no wonder, I never saw such ravages of the children's at me here. The wallpaper was set before. This torn off in some of it. It's sticking close to the bread. It must have beenized for the last time. We don't even know where to snourge<|en|>, but they didn't need to eat enough meat. May we stay in that nestrcles with dignity on the ground. There comes domestic system. Such a dirt brush race and so carefully at the end of the night She is a perfect person to ask She hits the note that it's a pressure I can't believe I'm not sure if it's the right or the right to be sick But I can write which is the most important thing There's more than a comment on this thing I love this shit I'm not a joke, it's hard I'm not a joke, it's hard I'm not playing lessons I need your help If I just make a video, I will tell you From a Suzuki When the Señors go on the horse I think they're going to go on the horse This is where we need the ADA the D確. The as gymnastics I assure. I start at the bottom. Down in the corner over there where it has not been touched and I determine for the thousandth time that I will follow that all this happened to some sort of a conclusion. I know a little of the principle of design and I know this thing is not arranged on any laws and radiation or alteration or repetition or symmetry or anything else that I ever heard. It has repeated. I do not know. It has never been. Looked at in one way. Each breath stands away. The bloated curves and foreshes. I kind of debase roam a nest with delirium trimmings. Go waddling up and down in isolated columns of fertility. But on the other hand, they connect diagonally and the sprawling outlines run off in great slanting waves up to higher like a lot of wallowing seaweed and full chase. The whole thing goes horizontally too at least at same side. That exhausts my stuff and trying to distinguish the order of its goal and direction. They have used a horizontal breath for our freeze and that adds one deflating the confusion. There is one end of the room where it is almost intact and there when the crosslights fade and the low sun shines directly at the planet, I can almost fancy radiation after all. The interminable group tests seem to form around the common scene and rush off in a heavy long pond as an equal distraction. The nature of time to follow it. I will take a nap right this. I don't know why I should write this. I don't want to. I don't feel able and I know John did that absurd but I must say that I feel in sunlight. It is such a relief. Half the time I am up and right down ever so much. John says I must have been as much screamer. And here as we take cod liver oil and lots of stomachs and things to say nothing. Hail and wine, Lord. Dear John, He loves and He deals and hates to have himself. I tried to have a real earnest reason to talk with him the other day and tell him how I wish you would let me go and make a visit to cousin Henry and Julia. But he said I wasn't able to go nor able to stand it after I got there and I did not make out a very good case for myself for I was crying before I had finished. It is getting to be a great effort for me to think straight. Just this nervous weakness I suppose. And dear John gathered me up in his arms and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed and sat by me and read to me until tired in my head. He said I was his darling as comfort and all of you had and that I must take care of myself for his sake and keep well. He says no one but myself can help me out of it that I measure these my real and self-control and not let any silly fancies run away with me. There's one comfort. The baby is well and happy and does not have to occupy this nursery with a horrible wallpaper. If we had not used it the blessed child would have what a fortune in a scape. Why I wouldn't have a child of mine and impressionable little thing live in such a room for worlds. I never thought of it before but it is lucky that John kept me here after all. I can stand it so much easier than a baby you see. Of course I never mentioned it to a new one. I am too wise but I keep watching it all this time. There are things in that paper and nobody knows who ever will behind that outside pattern that damn shapes get clearer every day. It's always the same shape only very new. He just like anyone who's keeping down and breaking it back on that pattern. I don't like it that I wonder how to get into pink. I wish John would take me away from here and it's hard to talk to John about my case because he was so wise because he wasn't so. I thought you're right. He was new now. The new shines in all of them just to send me this. I think the sea is in the arms. I think the sea is in the arms. All these comes in that one more more more. John was asleep and I hid it to waking him. So I kept still and watched the moon line up and you laid him off. He will tell I thought to him. If they put you behind the same shape that happened. I thought I was soft and I see if the paper didn't. Then when I came back John was awake. What is it, little girl who said, don't go walking about like that. You get cold. I thought it was a good time at all. So I told him that really was not in and that I wished he would take me away. Why darling? At least we'll be up in three weeks and I can't see how to read before there are pairs not done at home and I cannot possibly need down this now. Of course if you were in any danger I could and would but you really are better here. Whether you can see it or not. I'm a doctor here. I know you're gaining flesh and color. Your appetite is better. I thought it really much easier about you. I thought to weigh a bit more said I. Nor is much. And my appetite may be better in the evening when you are here but it is worse in the morning you are away. Bless her little heart said he would a great big hug. She shall be a sick as she pleases. But now let's improve the shining hours by going to sleep. I'll talk about it in the morning. And you want to go away? I asked her why. How can I? Dear. It is only three weeks more and then we will take a nice little trip of a few days while Ginny is getting the house ready. Really dear. You are better. Better in body perhaps. I began to start short. For a set up straight and looked at me with such a stern, reproachful look that I could not say another word. My darling said he. I beg of you. For my second four child said as well as for your own. But you will never for one instant let that idea enter your mind. There is nothing so dangerous. So fascinating to a temperament like yours. It is a false and foolish fancy. Can you not trust me as a physician who I tell you so? Sir of course I said no more on that spot and we want to sleep for a while. If I don't receive first, I wasn't. And later for hours trying to decide whether that front pattern in that pattern really did move together or separate on a pattern like this like a light. There is a lack of secrets. The finds of law. There is a constant irritant to a normal mind. The color is hideous enough and unreliable enough and infuriating enough with the patterns to court you. Thank you and master it. But just as soon as you get well underway and following, it turns up back to some assault and there you are. It slaps you in the face, knocks you down and tramples a punny. This is like a bad dream. The outside patterns are flawed or a best. We are mining one of the funnels. If you can imagine a toe stool and joints, an internal string of toe stools, but in this common in this convolutions, that is something like it. There is sometimes there is one market between the area and the area. There are more than the same standards. There is a change in the sense that there are two others. In the same shoes and the instrument I always watch it at first for a long straightening. It's in just so quickly that I never can quite believe it. That is why I watch it all. I move right now. The move shines in all my memories and I wouldn't know it was the same paper. The night when we come to life, it's like a candlelight, a lamplight, and we're still all on new light. It becomes bars. The outside pattern I mean, and the woman behind it as his plan is convenient. I didn't realize for a long time, and it was the show behind that dim sub pattern. But now I have quite sure it is a woman. But I do actually still do quite. I've been listening to the pattern of the structure so still. And it's so pleasant. It keeps me quiet by the hour. I lie down every so much. John says it was good for me and to see all I can. He started to have it. I'm looking me lie down and I'm out of control. It is a very bad habit I have convinced. For you see I don't sleep. And that cultivates deceit. If I don't tell them I'm awake. Oh no. The fact is, I'm getting a little afraid of John. He seems very queer sometimes. And even Jenny has an inexplicable look. It strikes me occasionally. I just as a scientific hypothesis. It perhaps it is the paper. I have watched John and he did not know I was looking and come into the room suddenly on the most innocent excuses. I've caught him several times looking at the paper in 22. I caught Jenny with her hand on it once. She didn't know I was in the room. And then I asked her what was it? And then I asked her, she was trying to make a paper. She turned around so she had been caught sleeping. And look quite angry. Asked me why I should frighten herself. And she said, the paper stained everything it touched. She had found a little smudges on all my clothes and jeans. And she was so beautiful. It was my accident. But I know she was studying that habit. And I am determined that nobody should find out with myself. Life is so very much more exciting now than it used to be. You see I have something more to expect to get bored to watch. And I'm more quiet than it was. John is so close to something new through it. He laughed a little bit at the other hand. And said I seemed to be bored and he's tired of my body. I turned off the light. I had known to touch my eyes with feet of clouds. But the wall here, here would make fun of me. He might even want to take me away. I don't want to leave now until I found it out. There is a week more. And I think that would be enough. I'm feeling ever so much better. I don't see much of night. But it's so interesting to watch the developments. But I think a big deal about time. And the daytime is just ours and for funs. They are always new shoots of my friends. And new shots of Yelga Har america. I didn't Roma checkout. There are traffic on the trenches but... But that is a strange journey. And it's going to be good for all the builds too. And that would be the useful way ofrat... So there's something else about it. Now I noticed the community came into the room. There was so much fear and sound. And now we've had a little problem. And part of the room is open and not. We're so scared of you. I'm not scared of you. I'm not covering the dining room. Stalking in the car. Hide in the car. Riding in the great community's levels. Even when I go to ride, if I turn my head suddenly into prizes, there is that smell. Such a peculiar odor too. I have spent hours in trying to analyze it. To find what it's smell like. It is not bad. And first, and very gentle. Take quite the sun list. The most enduring odor I've ever met. And this damp weather is awful. I wake up in the night and find it. And it used to disturb me first. I thought seriously. I heard you have to reach the smell. But now I'm used to it. The only thing I can think of is that it is like the color of the paper. A yellow smell. There's a very clean lot. It's a very nice smell. It's a very nice smell. It's a very nice smell. It goes beyond the smell. It's a very nice smell. It's a very nice smell. It's a very smooth smell. As if it had been rough. It would have been quite clear. I wonder how it was done. It looked like a wonderful smell. It's a wonderful smell. Round and round and round. Round and round and round. It makes me dizzy. I really had discovered something about this. He watches so much at night. He changed his mind. Finally found it out. The foot pattern does move. And no wonder the woman behind shakes it. Sometimes I think I have a great mini room behind. Sometimes I'm going to run. But she calls her out fast. And her phone shakes it all over. And then I think I have to go through. And then I'm very close to her. She just takes her to the bars and shakes them hard. And she's all the time trying to handle her. But nobody can find her that pattern. And she's trying to handle her. And then the pattern strangles the wall. It turns them upside down. And makes it worse. But the ground goes to the cover. And it's a very nice thing. It's a very nice thing. It's a very nice thing. It's a very nice thing. It's a very nice thing. It's a very nice thing. I think that woman did time the day time. I'm not telling you off. I've seen her. I can see her at the very warm of the windows. It is the same woman I know. For she is always creeping. And most women do not creep by daylight. I see her on the wrong road. Under the trees. Creeping along. And when a carriage comes, she hides under the blackberry vines. I don't blame her a bit. It must be very humiliated. It could be caught creeping by daylight. I know it's not the door. I'm worried about daylight. I can't do it at night. For I know John is suspect something was. And John is so clear now. But I don't want to irritate him. I wish you would take him out. Yeah. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. She may be able to creep faster than I can turn. I've watched her sometimes away. Often the open country. Creeping is faster. I'm afraid of eye wind. I'm going to talk to him. He's gotten off from the other. I need to try it. We'll do it by him. I found another funny thing. But I can't tell it was time. It does not do a trust paper too much. But I only do it. It's me and my mom. I believe John is beginning to hear me. I don't want to hear you again. And I couldn't catch a call. I'm not afraid of this. I should have pressed into that. I really couldn't hear them. Wow. I didn't hear anyonehard and I was too loud to hear anyonehard. I don't understand what you're bringing yourself in for such a long time. Maybe a long time? Yeah, you want to. paper for three months. It only enters smooth. But I feel sure John and Jim are secretly affected by it. Hurrah! This is the last gate that it is enough. John is to stay in town overnight and we'll be out until this evening. Jim and John are just equally mean to the slot thing. But I told her I should undoubtedly waste better for a night. Oh no. That was clever. But I really wasn't alone a bit. As soon as it was moonlight and that four thing began to crawl and shake the pattern, I got up and ran to help her. I pulled and she shook. I shook and she pulled. And before morning we had peeled off yards of the paper. I stripped about as high as my head and half around the room. And then when the sun came and that off of pattern began to laugh at me, I declared I would finish it today. We go away tomorrow and they're all moving all my furniture down in time. Things as they were before. Jimy looked at the wall in amazing. But I told him merely that I did it a pure spite of the vicious thing. She laughed and said she wouldn't mind doing it herself. But I must not get tired how she betrayed herself that time. But I am here and no person touches this paper but me. Not alive. She tried to get me out of the room. But I said it so quiet. I think Jimy now would have believed I would lie down again and see if all I could. I'm not too waking even for dinner. I would call him. So now she has gone and the servants are gone and the things are gone and there's nothing left that great bedstit nailed that. The canvas mattress was found. He was just sitting downstairs to me and take a boat home to me. My plan was to live. How those children did tear about here? This bedstit was fairly odd. But I'm just going to work. I have walked the door and thrown the tree down to the door. I don't want to go out and I don't want to have anybody come in until John comes. I want to go stonge. I've got a rope here. Even Jimy did not find. If that woman does get out and tries to get away, I can tie her. But I forgot I could not reach far without anything to stand on. This bed will not move. I tried to lift and push it until I was lame. And then I got so angry. I bit off a little piece at one corner. Put it for my teeth. Then I peeled off all the paper I could reach standing on the floor. It sticks horribly and the pattern just enjoys it. All those strangled heads and pulled this eyes and waddling fungus gross. Just shriek with derision. I'm getting angry enough to do something desperate. To jump out the window with the admirable exercise, the little barge into strong even the trotter. Besides, I wouldn't do it. Of course not. I know well enough that a step like that is improper and might mean misconstrued. I don't like to even look out of the windows. There are so many of those creeping women and they creep so fast. I wonder if they all came out of that wall paper as I did. But I am securely fastened now but I will get in the roof. You don't get me out of the mirror. That's a close. I shall have to get back behind the pattern when it comes nights and that is hard. It is so pleasant to be out in this great room and creep around as I please. I don't want to go outside. I want even if you ask me to. Throughout side you have to creep on the ground and everything is green instead of yellow. But here I can creep smoothly on the floor and my shoulder just fits into that long smoothing around the wall so I cannot lose my way. Why? There's John at the door. It's no usual man. You can't open it. How he does call and ferooms. Now he's crying for an axe. It would be a shame to break down that beautiful door. John dear. Said I in the genitalist voice. The key is down by the front steps. Under a plan tame leaf. That sounds tone for a few moments. Then he said very quietly indeed. Open the door my darling. I can't said I. The key is down by the front door under a plan tame leaf. And then I said it again several times. Very gently and slowly and said it so often that he had to go and see. He got it of course and came in. He stopped short by the door. What is the matter he cried? For God's sake what are you doing? I kept on creeping just the same. But I looked at him over my shoulder. I have got out at last said I in spite of you and Jenny and I pulled off most of the paper. So you can't put me back. Now why should the man have fainted? What he did? And ran across my path by the wall so that I had to creep over him every time. End of the yellow wallpaper by Charlotte Perkins Gillen. Recorded by Allen. Thomasville. Alabama. October 20th.