 This is a report on support. All report on support is in the public domain. For more information and to volunteer, please visit www.rubybuby.org. I would say a haunted house and mix the fight of romantic felicity without the asking too much of fate. Still, I am proudly declared that there is something poor about it. What else should it be less than cheaply? And why this did so untimely? John laughs at me when I see him. But one expects that of a marriage. John is practical in the extreme. He has no patience with fate. And since all of this is possible, he is not to be felt and seen and put down in figures. John is a physician. And perhaps, as you can see, this is a dead paper and a great relief to my mind, perhaps that is one reason I do not get well fast enough. You see, he does not believe I am sick in what can one do. But the physician finds stone in his own husband, who shows friends and relatives that there is really nothing to matter to him, but potentially near this depression, a slight hysteria, tendency. What is one to do? A brother is also a physician and also a facturer, and he says the same thing. So I take both states and both states, whichever it is, and tactics and journeys and air and exercise and absolutely use the pivot of the whip and so on and on again. Personally, I disagree with their ideas. Personally, I believe in genuinely the excitement and change that do me good. But what is one to do? I believe that from my perspective, I believe that there is a good deal, having to be so sly about it, or else meet with heavy opposition. I sometimes spares me about the issue of if I have less opposition in a new society than stimulus, but John says the very worst thing I can do is think about my own issue, and I confess that all this makes me feel bad. So I will look it in the eye and talk about the house. It was a beautiful place that is quite a long, standing well back from the road, quite three miles from the village. It makes me think of English places which you read about, where there are hedges and walls and dates that lack and lots of separate little fizzes for the gardeners and people. There is a delicious garden. I never saw such a garden, large and shady, with a boxed, bloated pass, and lime-grilled, red-covered olives and a suit of honey. They were green houses too. They're all broken now. There was some legal trouble. Something about the village I've always been. Anyway, that place has been empty for years. That spares my gursiness, I am afraid. But I don't care. There's something strange about that. I'm sure you can make out for this. I even saw something strange in the town. This is what I thought was a drop in the shelter room. I get unreasonably angry with John sometimes. I'm sure I never used to be so sensitive. I think it is due to this nervous condition. But John says, by fear so, there's only black, black, self-controlled, so I take pains to control myself. I'm so human, that makes me very tired. I don't like our unique face. I waited long downstairs, I put them on the floor, and had roses all over the room, in such pretty old-fashioned, sense-hanging, with John and Matt here of us. He said there was only one woman, and not one for two days, and no near mean for him if he took another. He's very careful and loving, and hardly lets me stare at a special direction. I have a severe prescription for each eye on the day. He takes all the care from me, and so I feel evasive and vocal, not too valuable to him. He said he came here so young, and I was to have perfect rest, and all the air I could get. Your exercise depends on your strength, my dear, and your fear somewhat on your appetite. But fear you can absorb all the time. So he took the nursery out of the top of the house. It is a big, airy room, the whole floor in there, with windows in the cool waves, and air and sunshine in the air. It is a nursery first, and in prayer room is a major nursery church, with windows in the house of little children, and there are reams and things in the house. Even people, look at the way this room is built. It is stripped off, and built in great patches all around the home, and the bed, about as far as I can reach. And in a great place on the other side of the room, and very back, I never saw worse people in a small, flamboyant house, meeting everyone just to see. There are enough to infuse the air in the house, and master the pristine inferiority of the great study. And when you follow the new, uncertain theories, and little business, the funny-point suicide ends up in great disdain. The story of the son of the king, the trouble of the town, the only thing that happened, the story of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story of the son of the king, the story There comes John, the most pitiful man who hates to have a knight. We've been here two weeks and we haven't felt like writing for him since that first day. I'm sitting by the room all the while, up in his atrocious inertial, and there's nothing to handle my writings as much as I please. John is away for a day, and even some nights when his cases are serious, I'm glad my case is not serious. But these nervous people have dragged the rightful depressant. John does not know how much I really suffer. He knows there's no reason to suffer, and I'm satisfied with him. I pour for this only nervousness. It does bring me so much to be my leader anyway. I meant to be such a head to John, such a real west and company, and here I am, a comparative burden already. No one would believe that an epitome of those to deal with living and living, to dress and entertain, and other things. That his fortunate marry a so good little baby. Such a dear baby. And yet I cannot sleep with him. It makes me so nervous. I suppose John was never nervous in his life. He laughs at me so about this wallpaper. At first he meant to repaper the room, but afterwards he said, I was letting it leap the better of me, and that nothing was worse for a nervous patient than to give way to such fences. He said that after the wallpaper was changed, it would be the heavy bedstead, and in the barbed windows, and in the door to the head of the stairs, and so on. And you know the place is doing it good, he said, and really dear. I don't care to renovate a house just for a three months winter. Indeed, let us go downstairs, I said. There are such pretty rooms there. Then he took me in his room and called me up, and listed little things. And said he would go down to the cellar and have a white wash, and he was like a man to knock the beds and the mirrors and things. It is an area uncomfortable in this area in New York. And it would not be some civil servants to make him uncomfortable with just a little bit of water. I'm really getting quite fond of the room. That's an onion room I can see the down there. There's mysterious, big shaded areas for young Irish color-fishing friends and bushes and round trees. See the middle? See the middle? See the middle? I'm going to the cellar. There is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there for a house. I am dispensing, I see people walking in these newest paths and angles. But John's mission will not be worth your energy. He says that with my imaginative power and habit of story making, a nervous weakness like mine has brought me to need to all manner of excited fences and that I ought to use my will and good sense to check the tennis. So I try. I think sometimes, and it's only very much a right thing, they relieve the press of ideas and wrestling. But I find I get pretty tired when I try. I am so dispirited not to have any advice and companionship about my work. When I get really well, John says, I ask, doesn't he do well down for a long visit? He says he would as soon as put fireworks in that field, I say, let me have those stimulating people about me. I wish I could get well fastened. But I must not think about that. This paper looks to me as if it knew that I'd wish it's been fermented. There's a burnt spot of utter noise that I've broken out and too bad this is a story change or something. I get positively angry with the importance of it and the everlasting open down sideways they come. There's a scene I believe in and I don't ever. There's neither grace nor too much in the image and the eyes go open down in line. And the little heart in the air makes some expression in the air. And we all know how much expression lies in the sense that we get entertained by the terror and the deep effects of food and food and most children find it interesting. I remember that I finally read the novels about a big old bureau in the stars. And there was a man who shared a very simple book of story and a friend. I used to feel that if any of the other things looked too fierce, I could always shut things to that shape and listen. The furniture in this room is no worse than anything in this room. But we had to be all up for it in the stairs. I suppose when this was used as a theory, we had to take the nursery from this house. And no wonder I never saw such a radicalism in children's harmony here. The wall of evidence is torn apart in the stars and the stick of the fish in my belly. It must have had a push of variance in the very same way. Then the floor is scratched and the house is scratched. The faster it sucks, the better it feels. It's a great hidden pair. It's a very funny one. It's a different thing to wear in the stars. But I don't mind the bits and pieces. There comes John the Sister, such a dear girl she is. He's so careful in her. And he's not one of the funny ones. She's a good and enthusiastic artist. And helps a new, better profession. I very believe she thinks it is the right one which made me sit. But I can write the truth all along. You see how manly I am in my music. There is one that commands the way I love and I shade it in. And then it just looks like I'm in a fancy. I love the fancy too. They're great hands and I love it in my music. This man in the paper has a kind of scent in the gift of shoe. A particularly irritating one. I look at his feet in certain lines and I feel it there. And in places that isn't filled, and where the sun is just set, I can see the stars in the sky. There are some things that seems to spark about, but I'm not sure that I'm expecting this from him. There's just one that's there. Well, the 4th of July is over. The people have gone and died in tired times. John thought it might be a bit of a silly old couple. So he just had another in there and the children died in the evening. Folks, I didn't do a thing. Jinny's in the stairway tonight. But it's hard to listen. John says, I don't fuck with you. I shall see you tomorrow, Mitchell, in the phone. But I don't know what to do very well. I had a friend who was in this kind of house and she says he was just like John and my brother. Only more so. Besides, it was such an indetectable place to live. I don't feel as if it was worthwhile to turn my hand over to anything and getting dreadfully fed from in front of us. I find myself wasting time. Of course, I don't have John here. Anybody else? I find myself in a good deal just now. John's kept in town very often in serious cases. And Jinny is dead. And it's not a long time until I'm out of here. So I walk away to the new town. I don't know what to do any more. Sit on the porch. I'm going to lose this. I'm not going to appear to you. I'm really getting tired of being in this place. It's the truth. It dwells in my mind so. I'm not going to be in this great and neither good place. It is near and far. I'm tired of that. I'm not going to be there. It is as good as doing masters on the street. I start at the bottom. Down in the corner of the building is not being touched. And I determine for the thousandth time that I will or that pointless pattern is some sort of a confusion. I know a little of the principle of design. And I know this thing is not arranged on any lens of radiation, of alternation, of repetition, or symmetry, in nothing else that I may not be able to do. I can do it too good for this. By the breadth. But not otherwise. Meet that in one way. Each breadth stands alone. The bloated pores and foreshes, a kind of debased brominesc with delirium trimmings, will wobble up and down in isolated columns of fertility. But on the other hand, they can make diagonally. And the sprawling outlines are in these glinting waves, up to come, like a lot of rolling seas that's in their chase. The whole thing does horizontally too, at least it seems so. And I exhaust myself and try to squeeze the pores that's doing the production. There is a horizontal breadth for a phase, and that adds one difference to the confusion. There is one end of the ring where it is almost intact. And there, in a cross-like state, an elation shines directly with paint. I can almost fancy the elation at all. The intonable tests seem to form around the common season, and wash off their hate-loaned cleanses of equal destruction. It makes me tired, fellas. I will take a nap, I guess. I don't know why I should like this. I don't want to. I don't feel able. And I know, Johnny, that I feel so, that I must say that I feel, I think in some way, that there is such a relief. That the effort is getting to be greater than we need. Half the time, I am awfully lazy, and lie down ever so much. Jones says I miss it, and he's my student. And he has me take a little over and lots of tunics and things to say nothing of A and Y in where it meets. Dear John, he loves me dearly, and hates to have me sick. I try to have a real earnest reason to talk with him, and tell him his issues would let me go and make a visit to cousin Penny and do it. What he said I wasn't able to do, nor able to stand it after I got there, and I did not make out a very good case with myself, for I was crying before I finished. It is getting to be a great effort to me to think states. This is nervous, your princess of knowledge. And dear John, gathered me up in his arms, and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed. And sat by me and liked me until the time. He said I miss his dog, and his comfort, and all he had. And that I must take care of myself for his sake, and keep well. He says no one but myself can help me out of it, but I must use my will and self-control and not let any silly fences unwaver me. We're one comfort. The baby is well and happy, and there's no answer to occupy this mercy but a quarrel of war with it. If we had not used it, the blessed child would have. What a fortunate escape. Why, I wouldn't have a child of mine, an impression of the little thing, living such a lean for worlds. I never thought of it before, but it is lucky that John had taken me here after all. I can stand so much easier than they do, you see. Of course, I never mentioned to him, and to us, but I keep watching it all the same. There are things in that paper that nobody knows or never will. When you're outside the pattern, you do the shape of the wheel every day. It follows the same shape, and you're very mean. And it is like a woman, stepping down and creeping about behind that pattern. I don't like it if it's a wonder of a thing to think about. I wish John would take me away from here. When you're still hard to talk to John about my tastes, the taste of his soul lies, and the taste of his love is in the soul, but I try to bless him. It is moon nights. The moon shines in all around, just as the sun does. I hate to see it sometimes, but I think so slow. Now, it comes out of my body. John is asleep, and I'm ready to wake him up. So I text him and watch the moon and I think of you, lady, and I and I think of you until I fuck you. The fate and figure behind it seems to shape the pattern, just as if she wanted to get out. I get up soft and I want to feel. I see if the people didn't. And when I came back, John was awake. What is it, little girl? He said, Don't go walking about like that. You get cold. I thought it was a good time to talk. So I told him that I really was not gaining here and that I wished he would take me away. My darling, said he, our lease will be up in three weeks, and I can't see how to leave before. There appears to not that at home, and I cannot possibly leave town just now. Of course, if you are in any danger, I could and would. But you really are better, dear, whether you can see it or not. I am a doctor, dear, and I know. You are gaining flesh and color. Your appetite is better. I felt way much easier about you. I don't wear bits more, said I, more as much, and my appetite may be better in the evening when you are here, but it is worse in the morning when you are away. The last holy little heart, said he, with a great big plug, she shall be as sick as she pleases. But now, let's improve the shining hours by going to sleep and talk about it in the morning. And you won't go away, I ask you, why, how can I, dear? It is only three weeks more, and then we will take a nice little trip of a few days while Ginny is getting the house ready. Really, dear, you are better. Better in body, perhaps, I began, and stopped short, for he sat up straight and muted me with such a stern, reproachful look that I could not say another word. My darling, said he, why beg of you, for my sake and for our child's sake, as well as for your own, that you will never, for one instant, let that idea into your mind. There is nothing so dangerous, so fascinating to a temperament like yours. It is a false and foolish fantasy. Can you not trust me as a physician, you might tell, you so? So, of course, I said no more on this, and we went to sleep together. He thought I would sleep first, but I wasn't. And later, for hours, trying to decide whether that front padding and that back padding really did move together or separately. On a padding like this, by daylight, there is a lack of sequence, or the violence of law, that is a constant irritant to a normal mind, where color is hideous enough, and unreliable enough, and infuriating enough, that the pattern is torturing. You think you're a master, but just as soon as you get well underway and fallen, it turns up back somersault and there you are. It selects you in the face, knocks you down, and troubles you plenty. This is like a bad dream. The outside pattern is a floored arabesque, reminding one of the famous. If you can imagine a toadstool in joints, an interneable stream of toadstools, bedding and sprouting in endless convolutions, why, that is something like it. That is, sometimes, when there is one market peculiarity about this paper, I think nobody seems to know this by myself, and that is that it changes as the light changes. When the sun sheds in through the east window, I always watch that first long, straight year. It changes so quickly that I never can quite believe it. That is why I watch it always. By moonlight, though, the moon shines in all night when there is moonlight. I wouldn't know it is the same paper. At night, in any kind of light, in twilight, candlelight, lamplight, and most of all, by moonlight, it becomes bores, the outside pattern I mean, and the women that find it as as plain as can be. I didn't realize for a long time that the thing was that showed behind that dim subpoena, but now I am quite sure it is a moon. By daylight, she is subdued, quiet. I fancy it as the pattern that suits her so still. She is so pleasant that she is meek-wide by the hour. I lie down ever so much, and John says it is beautiful, and to sleep all I can. Indeed, he started a habit on making me lie down for an hour to each me. There is a very bad habit I am convinced, but you see, I don't sleep, and that cultivates the sleep, for I don't tell them I'm awake. Oh, no! The fact is, I'm being really afraid of them. He seems very innocent, I suppose, and even Jean hasn't expected it yet. It strikes me, it seems, that this is a scientific hypothesis. The hypothesis is the paper. I've watched Johnny, who did not realize anything, and coming to the moon is hot and I'm in this innocent species, left walking several times and making me act the paper. And, 22, I've tried to do the hand-on at once. She didn't know what to do, and you know what to do, that it's so very fun. It's the most restraining of my person. What she was doing with the paper? She turned around and said she had been touched by you, and you'd put it in my ass, and you know why I should frighten her so. Then she said that the paper stained everything it touched, and she found millions of inches of all my clothes and jeans. And she wished me would be much safer. Did not that sound innocent? But I know she was studying the paper, and I am becoming nobody should find out but myself. Why it is so very much more exciting than it used to be, is that I have a self-informed aspect to look forward to. To watch. I will be better, and I'm more quiet than I was. Johnny's safe means to see me intrigued. He laughed at me the other day, and said I seem to be forced and it's quite a bit of my wallpaper. I turned the ball for him. I had no intention of telling him it was because of the wallpaper. He would make a ton of money. He might even want to take me away. I don't want to leave him until I find out. There is a week more, and I think that would be enough. I'm feeling even so much better. I don't sleep much at night, but it is so interesting once it develops. But I see the good deal in the daytime. In the daytime, it is tiresome and complex. There are always new shits on the phone. There are new shades of yellow all over it. I cannot keep changing them. But I have tried conscientiously. But is this strange as yellow without wallpaper? It makes me think of all the yellow things I ever saw. Not beautiful ones like butterflies, but they have found bad new things. But there is something else about that paper. The smell. I noticed that the minute we came into the room, there was so much air and sun, it was not bad. Now we have had a week of bargain money, and whether the windows are open or not, the smell is still here. It creeps all over the house. I find it heavy when I'm done with it. Spiking in the car, hiding in the house, and I'm enraptured on the stairs. It puts me in a head. Even when I go to ride, if I turn my head suddenly and surprise it, there is that smell. It's such a peculiar thing to do. I have spent hours in silence, and it's a sign that it's smelling. It is not bad, at first, and very gentle, but quite the subtlest, most enduring odor I have ever met. And as damp weather it is awful, I wake up in the night and find it hanging over me. It used to disturb me at first. I thought seriously of burning the house to reach the smell. But now I'm used to this. The only thing I can think of is that it is like the cooler of the paper by yelling smell. There's a very funny mark on this banner to low down, you'll hear the mark. A street runs around the moon. It goes behind every piece of furniture except the bed. And long streets even smooch, as if it had been rubbed over and over. I never had this done, who did it, and what they did it for. Round and round and round, round and round and round, it makes me dizzy. I really had to stub or something at once. I watched it so much and now I'm going to change this son. I have finally found it out. The flip pattern does move. And no wonder the woman behind shakes it. Sometimes I think there are great many women behind, and sometimes only one, and she comes around fast, and her phone shakes it all over. Then in the very bright spots, she sees still. And in the very shady spots, she just breaks through to the doors and breaks them hard. And she's all the time trying to climb through. But nobody could climb through that pattern, exclaiming so. I think that's when it has so many heads. They get through, and then the pattern strongly is a mark, and turns them upside down and makes their eyes bright. Those heads are covered and taken off, and not passed away. I think that woman gets out in the daytime. And I tell you the phone, I see her. I can see her out of every one of the windows. It is the same woman I know, where she is always creeping, and most women do not creep by daylights. I see her on that long road, by the trees. She's all alone. I have a carriage pass. She hides under the white nightvines. I don't blind her at this. It must be very humiliating to be creeping by daylights. I always knock the door open at night, by daylights. I can't do it at night. I know John would suspect something of us. And John is so clear now, that I don't want to irritate him. I wish he would take another woman. Besides, I don't want anybody to get that woman at night, but myself. I hope to remember if I could see her out of every window as it is. At the time as fast as I can, I can only see her out of a window at a time. And though I always see her, she may be able to step faster than I do trying. I wash her sometimes away, open the open country. Freakiness dashes a cloud-shutter in a frying wind. If only that tap pattern could be gotten off in the end of it. I knew to try it, little by little. I found out another funny thing, that I sharp-tear at this time. It was not me who trusted him too much. There are only two more days to get this paper off. And I believe John is beginning to notice. I don't like to look in his eyes. And I heard him ask a lot of professional questions about him. She had a very good report to give. She said I slept a good deal in the daytime. John knows I don't sleep very well at night. I only sleep at night. He has an eye search of fish in his food. And the food is very lovely in the pond. As if I couldn't see through him. Still, I don't wonder he acts so sneakily under this paper for three nights. But I don't know what interests him. But I feel sure John and Jim are secretly affected. Hello! This is the last day that it is enough. John is to stay in town over night. And he'll be out until this evening. Jim, you wanted to sleep with me this afternoon? Well, I told her I should undoubtedly rest better for a night all alone. That was clever. But I really wasn't alone a bit. As far as it was moonlight, and that poor thing began to fall and shape the pattern, I got up and ran to her for it. I pulled and she shook. I shook and she pulled. And the full morning, we appeared over the yards of the paper. I stood about as high as my head, and half around the room. And then in the sun came, and that awful pattern began to laugh at me. I declared I would finish it today. We go away tomorrow, and they're all moving all my furniture down again to where things as they were to be seen. Jimmy looked at the wall in the mazes, but I told her mirrorly that I did it out of pure spite of the vicious thing. She laughed and said she wouldn't mind doing it herself, but I must not get tired of how she would tell you this. But I am here, and no person touches this paper but me, not alone. She tried to get me out of the room. It was too apparent. But I said it was so quiet and empty and empty now that I believed I would lie down again and sleep all night through. I went to work and we were even for dinner. I would fall down the roof. So now she had gone, had a servant's at home, and the things are gone, and there was nothing left of that great bedstead, and they were all down. And we would turn this mattress and find it. We used to sleep down the stairs tonight, and take the bed and turn it. What body did we need? You know, you dare you, huh? How you those children did tear it out here? This bedstead is very long. And I just took a look at the bed and turned it into the... I don't want to go out. I don't want to have anybody come to me and do something. I don't want to spend a day with a few people. I dare you to look up here to eat and do something. If that woman does get out and tries to get away, it can save her. But I forgot I could not reach far without anything to stand on. This bed we not move. I tried to lift and push it until I was laying. And then I got so angry, I bit off a little piece of one corner, but it hurt my teeth. Then I peered off all the paper I could reach, standing on the floor. It sticks horribly, and the pattern just enjoys it. All this strangled heads and baled-ass eyes and wobbly, plump, disgraced, just fight with joyousing. I'm getting angry enough to do something desperate. The jump out of the window would be admirable exercise, but the bars are too strong and hard to find. The size I would endure, of course not. I don't know, and this step like that is the important one might be mis-misscured. I don't like to even look out of the windows. There are so many of those creeping women, and they keep singing, I wonder if they're all coming out of that little paper as I do. But I am securely passing by, by my well-hidden rope. You don't get me out of the way there. I suppose I should have to just have to find the pattern when it comes night, and that is poor. It is so pleasant to be out in this bright wing and creep around like this. I don't want to feel sorry, or hate, even if Jim asked me to. Outside, you have to creep on the ground, and everything is burning inside the room. But here, I can feel smoothly on the floor, and my shoulder just sticks in that long, smooth chair on the wall, so I cannot lose my way. Why, there is joy at the door. It's no use, young man. You can't open it. I have just done this for nine times. Now he's crying for the apps. It would be a shame to break down that beautiful door. Fine, dear, said I, in the genesis, that she has done better from steps, and you're playing telling me. There's science in this room, you see. What do you feel? I can feel it. Open the door. I can't see. It feels down by the front door, and there are crying things. And then I said it again several times, very gently, slowly. He said it so often, and had to go in the sea. And he got it of course, and came in. He's not sure about it all. What is the matter, if you try? The God's sake, what are you doing? I kept on creeping, and just the same. But I lifted him over my shoulder. I got out of your left, said I, in spite of you and Zinni. And I pulled up most of the paper, so you can't put me back. Now why should the man have fainted? What he did? And right across my path by the wall, so that I had to creep over him every time. Then there, the door opened. I showed the paper's door. Report it back. How long ago? Thomas Wil, how long? October 2, 2006.