 This is a hyperbots recording. All hyperbots recordings are in the telecom. For more information on to volunteer, please visit www.hybrons.com. I would say a haunted house that meets the heart of a romantic movie without asking too much of fate. Still, I would proudly declare that there is something clear about it. It's where else should it be left so cheaply? And why that's still so long-intended, John Lassie and Thomas? But who expects that in English? John is practically an extreme. He has no patience with fate, and he too farts with his own. He's an awesome hero, and he's not to be felt and seen and put down figures. John is a physician, and perhaps, I wouldn't say it's really a serial cause, but if you don't hit me, I'd rather lift my mind. Perhaps that is one reason you do not get well faster. You see, he does not believe in hip, and what to mind him. But the position I stand in most only has been to see his films and know-it-sets, but there is really nothing to matter with him, but frankly, I know this profession. It's like the story of a tenancy, and what is one to do? I'd rather his asset position, and also a fashion, and he says the same thing. So that's it, best bits and best fights. This is how it is. In tenets, in journeys, and in exercise, you absolutely forget what you were, and so you're in the game. Personally, I disagree with your ideas. Personally, I believe that in a serial way, this second you see is a genuine good. What if it is one to do? I do like what my name is, but it does exhaust me of good deal. Having to be so sorry about it, but it's neat with heavy opposition. I sometimes suppose you are not commercial, but if I have less opposition and more society than stimulus, but John says the very worst thing I can do is think about my own shoulder, and I confess it always makes me feel bad. So I will echo the one you talked about before. The most beautiful place is this part of a long, standing well back from the road, but three miles from the village. It makes me think of the most place you would see me about, where there are hedges and wires and dates that warp, and lots of separate little houses for the gardeners and people. There is a beautiful garden, and never saw such a garden, large and shady, with a box-bored pass, a line of long, great public houses since then. There were green houses too, where there were brick and iron. There are some idiots out there, something about the harvest of old heavens, and the place has been empty for years. It spares my business, man, for it, but I don't care. There's something strange about the house you've been making tours. I want you to maybe show something to John, and maybe you can help him. He said what I thought was exact, and said the wrong. I keep telling you these names, but I don't know what John said to me. I'm sure I never used to be so sensitive. I think it is due to this nervous condition, but John says, by fear, there should be good, but there's self-control. I take things to be serious, before humans, and that makes me very tired. I don't like my room, but it's the weather down stairs, and the people on it relax, and how it raises all over the room, and such a shitty and fashioned sense of humans, which I would not hear of it. He said there was only one room, and not a room for two rooms, and no room for them if it took another. He's very careful and loving, and probably lets me stare in a special direction. I have a sedentary description of each part of the room. It's all careful, and so I feel basically open and not too valuable there. He said he came to say one night, that I was to have perfect rest, and all the air I could get. Your exercise depends on your sleep, my dear, said you, and your feelings somewhat on your appetite, that's all you can absorb all the time. So he took the nurse room and talked about house. It is a good, all-room, the whole floor room, but when I sit at all rooms, and all the sense of human, there is a massive space, and in pain is amazing, Mr. Tate, but the windows are bad for little children, and there are wheels and things in the world. The human people, because of the glorious spirit they have in their lives, it is steep all the time, and great patches bear a long, and difficult road there, by the stars that are next, and a great place on the other side of the room, and lay down, another side of this people in there, and a sprawling, grand-brain, that is to be the baby that's just a seed, is growing up to a piece of iron, a nice amount of pasta and irritate, and for great study, and when you follow the new, recent retails, and a little distance, the family can get beautiful, turns off that greatest feeling, this story of Mr. Tate, and Mr. Tate, that's all it is to tell, and Mr. Tate, that's all it is to tell, and Mr. Tate, that's all it is to tell, and Mr. Tate, that's all it is to tell, and we'll be a part of this, and Mr. Tate, no wonder the children, kind of, I should tell it myself, I was a little bit scared, but I was able to get to the bottom of it. I was a little bit scared, but I was able to get to the bottom of it. I was able to get to the bottom of it. I was able to get to the bottom of it. I was able to get to the bottom of it. I was able to get to the bottom of it. John does not know how much I owe you, sir. He knows there is no reason to suffer, and I've satisfied him. I pray for you, sir, that you may know this, but it does very well in me, sir, to be with you anyway. I want to be such a hope to John, such a real rest and comfort, and feel I am a purged body already. No one would believe that an open embrace would do but little I am able to address and entertain other things. A dispensable marry a so-bid-with-a-baby, such a dear baby. And yet I cannot say that a baby makes me so nervous. I suppose to know of never nervous in his life. He laughs at me so about this wallpaper. Of course he meant to repaper the room, but afterwards he said that I was letting it get the better of me, and that nothing was worse for a nervous patient than to get away to such faces. He said that after the wallpaper was changed, it would be the heavy bed still, and then the bad windows, and then the door that would hit the stairs, and sound. You know the places doing the good, and really do. I don't care to win a bit, perhaps, just for a three-month-lifetime. He just let us stay downstairs, I said. There are such pretty women there. They'd meet such women as me, and they'd say, call me a messy little goose, and said he would do better than the seller, and have a breakfast, and to bother. It is like laughing at the beds and the loudest things. It is a pain, and a comfort in my stomach, and, of course, it would not be so silly as to make him uncomfortable just for a few minutes. I really didn't put any bigger on the bed, and I wouldn't hit him. After all that I could see the downer. There's this serious big city robbers, the loudest girl facing promise, and this is the music she has. I remember the night I met her, and the day I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I met her, and the night I said you asked a pleasant human to do it down to many visits. If you say so, it is soon as to buy what's in that pure face. I certainly have no stimulating people about me on it. I wish I could get rid of faster. But I must not think about that. This paper looks to me as if it knew that I'd just spent a minute on it. There's a reprimand spot in the panning looms on a broken neck. And two beardless oaks spill to the sideburner. And it shaz it to the anger within proteins of it, and the other rashes open down sideways the pan. There's a seer on broken eyes of everyone. There's neither good for two breasts in a mix, and neither old at the bottom run. No little thing in the end. There's no sense of stress in the end. And we all know there's no stress in the end. There's no distance between the inner and outer part of the talent and the big ones in the past. The most silly and the most interesting. I remember the tiny little noise of our big and pure stardom. And there's a moustache in the end of the scene at the sternum corner. It used to be a bit of a pain in the ear if there was no such thing as lipsoids. I could always open the door and say, Listen. The phantom in this room is never worse than the open arms. But you have to do it all up to the end of the scenes. I suppose moustache is a pain when you have to take the moustache in its bite. And no wonder, under the sauce of the amount of these infusions I've made here, the world that I'm listening to is torn off in a slice. And it's sticked to the person I'm running to. There must have had this appearance of a woman as a human. Then the floor is sliced into an almost half-sliced. The plaster itself is a bit of a rock to the end. This big, thin bed is entirely found in the end. It's a bit of a dented room in the scene. But I don't know, it's a bit of a pain. There appears to be a system such a dearly overseas. It's a forecourt room, and it's not even a common room. She's a broken and easy-nosed plaster. She hates the new data profession. And there are even these who thinks it is the writing which made me sit. But I can write this out in a very long way, and see how long it will last for years. There's one that can read a little. The other can say that one of them is a little bit of a dissident sample of a pencil. I like to press it too. There are great things in a little bit of a pencil. This lab, it has a very subtle and different shape. Particularly here, too. You can really see it in certain lengths. It's a very long room. And the place is very simple. And there are scenes just so... You can see the stairs, the red wall. There are some things that seem to be spoken of. So, you can see things that are just on the stairs. Well, the fourth of July is over. The people are gone and leaving in a tight place. John thought it might be a good show, but... So he just had another another meeting on the floor. Yes, I didn't do a thing. Jesus is dead again. But it's time to listen. John says that if I don't get past it, he should send me to a little room, though. But I don't want to go there, though. I had a bad news in this morning, John. And she says he's just been driving my brother. And he knows I'm... Besides, it was such an interesting meeting, so far. I don't feel as if it was worth it to tell my aunt it was going to be anything. I'm getting a zipped and slept in a place. I can't remember. I'm not going to listen to the time. Of course, I don't think it's honest, though. Anybody else? I'm gonna remember. I don't know, but I do, just remember. John is kept in town very often in the city's spaces. And Jesus did, and it's a long, unlawful term. So I'm gonna go to the bathroom, turn down that little door, sit down and watch my little reasons, and I'm gonna go to the bathroom. I really didn't think of those. I just don't know. But as long as in my mind's soul, I'm gonna have a nice, great, new little day. And I'm gonna go to the bathroom. And I'm gonna go to the bathroom. It is as good as Jim Nothins and the city. I start listening at the bottom. Down in the tunnel with the people who've not been touched. And I'm determined for the first time that I will know that this pattern is some sort of a conclusion. I'm now a little bit patient with the zoning, and I know this thing is not arranged on any level as radiation or alternation or repetition or symmetry or anything else that can allow it to be. That is, it's by the Breaks, but not by the Edits. As you've got in one way, each bret stands alone. The bledded pillars and forces, the kind of db's, blm, and s, the delirium trimmings, will wind me up and down in isolated columns of fertility. But on the other hand, it's made diagonal, and the scoring outlines will often break slanting waves up to par, like a lap of whirling sea wind in full force. The whole thing goes horizontally, too. At least it seems so. My exasperation can sound as interesting as all that is going on in the production. There is the horizontal bret for a freeze, and that adds a lumbiflip to the confusing. There is one end of the wing where it is almost intact. And there, when the pass light's filled, the lumbic sign sounds directly attached. That's an lumbic fancy, a lumbic sign of God. The untimely good test seems to fill in the lumbic pen and signature, and less often, it longs the pen's as an equal destruction. It makes me tired to tell it. I will take a nap like this. I don't know why I should like this. I don't want to. I don't feel able. And I know, John, that I feel that I'm much more than I feel if I think in some way that there is such a relief. That the effort is getting to be greater than the relief. At the time when I'm after the laser, I lie down ever so much. John says I listen who's my student, and he has me take a little over and lots of tonics and things to say nothing in any line in the early weeks. Dear John, he knows me dear and hates to have me sit. I try to have the real earliest reason to talk and listen, and so he's a useless who would let me go and make a visit to cousin Thimmy-Manjoo. But he said I wasn't able to go, nor able to stand it after I got there, and I did not make out a very good kiss for myself, but I was crying before I finished. It is getting to be a great effort for me to think states, just as nervous with me since it was. And dear John, downed me up in his arms, and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed. I sat down and imagined it until it was hard enough. He said I was his darling and his comfort and all he had, and that I must take care of myself for his sake, and keep the line. He says no one but myself can have you out of it, but I must use my real and self-control and not let be these silly fences run away with me. There's one purpose. It is very happy, and there's no happy after-time this year, so you've got a full of world to be. If we had not used it, the best a child would have. What a fortune in the state. Why, I wouldn't have a child of mine, impressing the little thing, be even such a wim for worlds. I never bothered before, but it is lucky that John told me who I thought. I can stand it so much easier than dating, he said. Of course I never listened to him, and it's a lie, but I keep watching that I listen. There are things in that paper that nobody knows me, or the world. And that I've slept out enough, and do the same for real every day. I was the same shape, and you're doing this, and it is like a woman sticking down and thinking about the whole life pattern, and I'm not gonna fix it, I wonder if it ever came to pass. I wish John had taken me away from here, and so I'd tried to talk to John about my case, because he was so wise, and because he wasn't so, but I tried to bless him. It was new ones, the new signs in all of them, just as the same ones. I hate to see it sometimes, I hate to see it soon, and I always come as I want. John is asleep, and I'm feeling too late for that, so I can't see him unless me, and I don't really know the world people talk about people. The fate figured behind it seemed to shake the pattern, just as if she wanted to get out. I got myself wet to feel, and see if the people did me. And when I turn back, John is awake. What is it little girl? he said. Don't go walking about like that. He's a coward. I think that is a good time to talk. So I told him that I really was not dealing here, and that I wished he would take me away. We're going, said he. I wish we'd be up in three weeks, and I can't see her to leave before. There appears to not been at home, and I cannot possibly leave town just now. Of course, if you are in any danger, I could and would. But you really are a better deer, whether you can see it or not. I am a doctor, deer, and I know you're getting flesh and color. Your appetite is better. I've got a really much easier appetite. I don't really have bits more, said I. There is much, and my appetite may be better in the evening when you are here, but it is worse in the morning when you are away. The last hero that's at heart, said he would a great, great plug. She shall be as sick as sheep pleases. But now, let's improve the shining hours by going to sleep. Don't talk about it in the morning. And you won't get away, asked me. Why, how can I, deer? It is only three weeks more, and you need to take a nice, quick trip in a few days while Ginny is getting the house ready. Really, deer, you are better. Better in budget, perhaps? Having one, I'm not short. Very sad at stake, and yet with me was such a stone, to approach the deer that I could not say no to her. My darling, Sammy, my bigamere, for my sake and for our child's sake, as well as for your own, that you never, for one instant, let that idea into your mind. There is nothing so dangerous, so fascinating, to a temperament like yours. It is a burst and foolish fangirl. You do not trust me as a physician, whom I tell you so? So, of course, I said no more, and we went to sleep before long. You thought I was a sleepburst, but I wasn't. And later for hours trying to decide who that front pattern and that back pattern we did move together or separately. On a pattern like this, my daylights, there is a lack of secrets, but the fives of love, there is a constant irritant to a normal mind, where colors hideous enough, and unreliable enough, and infuriating enough, that the pattern is torturing. You think you're a master, but just as soon as you get way in the way and falling, there turns a back somersault in there you are, that slaps you in the face, knocks you down, and tramps you in the head. It's like a bad dream. The outside pattern is a forward and a west, reminding one of the fingers. If you can imagine a turd-steer in a joint, an internalist in a turd-steer, bedding and sprouting in this tenderness, why, that is something, right? That is, sometimes, there is one market peculiarity about this paper, I think nobody seems to notice the lesson, and that is that it changes as the light changes. When the sun sheds down through the east window, I always watch that first long straight room, it changes so quickly that I never can't quite believe it. That is why I watch it every once. By noon, though, the moon shines in all night when there is a moon. If you wouldn't know it, it's the same paper. At night, in any time of night, in twilight, tenderlight, lamplight, and most of all, by moonlight, it becomes bars. Yes, I've had money, and the woman that's made it is as plain as to me. I didn't realize for a long time what the thing was that served behind. That doing so, then, the man-life weren't sure it was a woman. That daylight she is to do, but, that fancy was the pattern that keeps her so still. He is so pleasant, it keeps me tired by the hour. I lie down ever so much, and John says it is different, and to see all I can. Indeed, he's tired of having it when I feel you lie down and don't ever, and it's me. There is a very bad habit I'm going to miss, but you see, I don't see. And that's what today's the suit, but I don't tell him I'm awake, but I don't know. That is, I do a little thing of time. He seems a very curious man to me, but he doesn't really have a thing to do with you. He starts me a thing of time, just to be a stupid person, but then, I see that he's a creeper. And the last time I've been running around with him, he comes to the room and is shouting, and he's talking nonsense. My fucking cigarette has made me act a paper. And so did he. He puts you in a little hand on a pen. He's been married since then, and now he's turned to a pen. He's turned to a pen. And this is a story I'm going to tell you. What she's doing with the paper. She told me why I see she's been cut-spearing, and I should fight in her cell. The agency said that they'd stay in everything it takes to save from the most smeachers in all my clothes and genres. I see this move in my paper. Did not that sound insincere? But I know she's spitting on it, cutting, and I'm telling nobody to find out that my pen. Why, to serve very much my exciting man in a mystery, this is a very certain logic that we're told to do. I will do it better, but I'm more quiet than I was. John is so pleased to see me in three. I'm also going to be out of jail. Instead I should be forced to inspire him in a wallpaper. I turned back in the night. Now the more intense it turns in, it's the tears of the wallpaper. He would never tell me. He might even want to take me away. I don't want to leave him until I find out. There's a week more, and I think that would be enough. Everything is so much better. I don't see much in life, but it's so interesting to watch developments. But I see that they do on a daytime. On a daytime there's a firestorm in the pit pikes. There are always new scenes on the face, and new scenes of yellow all over it that cannot keep telling me. They're outside consciousness. But is this strange as yellow that were a paper? It makes me think of all the yellow things I used to know. Not beautiful ones, but better things. But they were fine, bad, and things. But there's something else about that paper. The smell. I need a stick, and maybe it came into the room. There was so much air inside, it was not bad. Now we've had a week of fighting, and maybe the windows are open and locked, and the smell is still here. It sinks all over the house. But it's bigger than a diamond. It's bigger than a pearl. I don't know how I'm gonna look when I'm scared, but it's not my fear. Even when I go to bed, if I turn my head, it doesn't even surprise me. There's that smell. It's a consumer, too. I've spent hours designing items, and this is a silent smell. It is not bad, at first, and very gentle. But quite the subtlest, most enduring item I've ever met. In this damp weather it is awful. I wake up in the night and find it hanging over me. I'd used to destroy it at first, but that seriously borne the house to reach the smell. But no one used to it. The only thing I can think of is that it is like the pillow of a pig. A yellow snow. There's a very fine mark on this wall, low down near the mountain road. The street was a room. It does the fine every piece of balsa except the bed. A long straight should be snatched, as if it had been wet over and over. All it had was done, who did it? And what they did it for? Round and round and round? Round and round and round? It makes me dizzy. I've really had this stomach-sucking at last. The more too soon it's emerging, when it seems to say, I have finally found it out. But that pattern does move. And I wonder if the woman before I hates it. Sometimes I think there are great many women behind, and sometimes only one, and she calls around past, and her phone shakes it all over. Then in the very night she wants to make sure she's still. And in the very shade spot, she gets hit by the dog, and hit them hard. Then she's all the time trying to turn through. Nobody could turn through that pattern, as Sparrow said. I think that's when it has so many heads. They get through, and in the pain, stares them up and turns them upside down, and makes their eyes spout. Those heads are covered and taken off, and nothing else is there. I think that woman gets out in the daytime. And I tell you what, I've seen her. I can see her out of every one of the windows. And if you saw a woman, I know that she's always keeping and misleading not to be by their end. I see one that long way under the trees. She's been around, and her toes touch, she has any good-byes, and I don't know why I heard this. That must be very humiliating to be kept flipping by day. I know I was up to all of them, but what do I know? It's indirited night, and I don't know what suspect something was. I don't know if she's real or not, but I don't want to irritate her. I wish she would take another ruin. Besides, I don't want anybody to get that woman out of my bed myself. I don't know if I could see her out of every one of those windows. But for as fast as I can, I can only see her out of one of the time. And though I only see her, she may be in the foot after the right thing to do. I've watched her sometimes away openly open country, keeping a Spanish with a bad shadow in her fine room. But maybe that top pattern could be gotten after a year. I knew the sides, little by little, had found out another fine thing, but I shall tell it at this time. There's no need for suspecting this much. There are only two ideas that this people have. Now, do you join the Green Tomatoes? I don't like the look in his eyes. And I've heard in this gym a lot of professional questions about him. She had a very good accord to do. She set a set to do the deal in the daytime. And John Lays, I don't sleep very well at night. All in so fast. He asked me all sorts of questions, too. And to tell me to do very little in the times. As if it could be too thin. Still, to the one with the outside, sleeping under this paper between us. I don't interest him, but I feel sure John and Jill are secretly affected by this. Hey, hey, hey! This is the last day, but it is enough. John wants to stay in town overnight, and he'll be out until this evening. Does anyone have to sleep in the sun? And I told her I should endow it with this better for a night all alone. That was clever, but I really wasn't a learn of this. I've chosen his new life, and I pulled things in the car and shaped the pattern. I got out the land of open. And I pulled as she was shipped. I shipped as she pulled. And the full morning, we pulled out the new words of the paper. I stripped the baddest things in the thing, and half of them were me. And then when the sun came, that awful pattern began to laugh at me. I declared I would finish it today. We go away tomorrow, and there are only the all my friends who don't want to do things as they were before. Jill looked at the wild and laziness, but I told her no, that I did it in a pure spite at the vicious thing. She laughed and said she wouldn't mind doing it this way, but I must not be tired. I should be truly satisfied. But I am here, and no person touches this paper but me, not alone. She tried to get me out of the room, it was too apparent. But I said I was so tired and dainty and dainty, and I did not believe I would lie down again and see all I could. And not to look me even for a bit, or a part of you. So now she's done, and she's said she's done, and the things are done, and there's little left that with the bedstead and there's nothing left that can listen to some dainty. She says she's done, she says she needs to, and take the bedstead home tonight. What bad things are there? I don't know. All those children did tell about you. This bedstead is still not. I am still a bit of a wimp, and I don't want you to get me to the bedstead. I don't want you out, I don't want you to have anybody touch the bedstead. I want you to stay. I don't want you to hear that you do, but that woman does get out, and tries to get away, and she's here, but I forgot I could not reach far without anything to stand on. I cannot move outside the lift, and press it until I was there. I mean, I got so angry, I bit off a little piece of my phone, but it broke my tooth. I did not feel like all the people I could be standing on the floor. It sticks horribly, and the pattern just enjoys it. All those strangled heads and bogus eyes, and bad-way thunders, just hate the illusion. I'm getting angry, and I have to do something different. One day, there would be an evil exorcism, but the bars are too strong and calm. Besides, I wouldn't do it. But personally, I know well that this stuff like that is being found there and not being missed in school. And the lights are really out of the window, there's so many of us keeping in, and it keeps in place. I know I feel like I'm not that well-puppet as I do, but I am a straightforward person, and I'm a real hidden-wit. And don't get me-yackin' away, dear. I suppose I suppose I'm not the kind of person that comes right, and that is fine. It is so pleasant to be out in this great room and keep around like this. I don't know if that's right, or if you look too passionate, too. Outside, you have to keep on the ground, and everything is green inside the room. But here I can see the only thing in my shoulder just fits me that main speech in my life. So I cannot use my word. Why, if there's joint at the door, if no use of my word, if I'm like this, I'll just find my point. No, it's fine, it's not. I'll be showing the bed down that beautiful door. Change! said I, Jesus, that she is down by the fence fence, and your plant-tree. There's silence down there, friends. We should have been a family, but can we go around, hmm? But thanks, that she is down by the fence door, and your plant-tree. And then I said it again, said it, I, there isn't any show. And said it so often, you had to go to the scene. And he got it before some came in. He's not a show-up by the door. What is the matter, if you try? The bad shit were you doing. I kept on keeping just the same, but I waited for maybe my show to... And got it last, said I, in spite of you and Jimmy. And I've pulled off most of the paper, so you can't put me back. Now, boy, I said the man had fainted. What are you doing? I'm not across my path by the way, so that I had to keep over him every time. In there, the yellow-eyed paper, my sword, the gun's, gun. Reported, and, to this day, I don't, act to the term, 2006.