 And this is a new direction. When you do that, you create a new structure. When you do that, you create a new dimension. When you do that, you create a new structure. Take action of what you're dealing with, forcefully. Take action of what you're dealing with. Stay in this process. Ashmeuccine may respond indefinitely, Promise that I shall learn what you're dealing with. It is very seldom in the near ordinary people like John and the Sips. It's a true insisted badge for the sooner. The planion mentioned the very very state. I would say I had to house it. I would say the fact of the manic fool, that they'd be asked in a few months of faith. I would say I'd be proud of the fact there was something clear about it. That's what I should have been like, so it should be. And why the states and the intimidated John and the Sips. But one expects that in the division. John is practically an extreme. He has no patience with faith. And it's his face. He's nice and neat. He's not too easy to understand. And he's seen and put down in the figures. John is a position and perhaps. So it's very difficult that he'd be right to my mind. Perhaps that is one reason to be right. It's very fast. You see, he does not believe I'm sick in what can happen. That the position of Christ, then in this thing, has the greatest pain. And there is nothing that it does. But thinking of you, there is the pressure. It's like there are things. What is going to be? I'd rather it's not a position. We're also a fact saying. At least there is this thing. So I take past dates and past dates. This ever gives. And times, and journeys, and air, exercise, and absolute is to fit it. It's a lot of different things. And we're nice andwwww very aggressive. Very strong. Again as we are. That's a good thing. What do we do. All that way is one to do. We have that sort of violence not it. But it lies. That it can be a kind of greed for life. It's a need for the period of position. Sometimes, I'm spending a lot of pressure. If I have mislead position, I mean, I'm society mislimates. The Johnson is a very whistler. I can do a speaker about my intention. I confess, and my business needs to be. It's not me that I need to know, and it's not that I confess. The news may replace this bottling, it's standing well back when you read, like three miles in the village. It makes me think a huge place in which you read about it. But there are fiddles and lones and digs that lack, and yet some separate room of thousands that a garden isn't keeping. There has been this as garden. I never saw such a garden. Large and shady, but a boxed, really past, and line really great to reflect. And some of them are very green, nice and smooth. They're all broken now. There was some legal check. There was something about the original name. It's a fair place in the 80's. Let's borrow those my business name, but I don't care. There's something strange about that. There's something like that. There's something like that. There's something like that. He said, like, that was a drug. And shut the room. I get done reasonably, only with John listening to him. I'm sure I never wished to be so sensitive. I think it is due to this nervous condition. But John said, like, he was so excited. He said, like, that was a good thing. He said, like, that's a good thing. He said, really, that makes me great. I don't like that room. I'm living in John's business. I said, really, that room is a good thing. And such pretty, action-sense things, which John and Matt here have it. He said, this is the room and not room to two beds. And there, there, there, there. There, there, there. And there, that's no special room. There's a little description of each bed. It takes two, three, two, one. And then, you see that, you're basically going to be much better. These things that you came to see, but I was to have perfect rest. And all the air, I could get. Your exercise, the things on your strength, on your bed. And your feet, somewhat on your evidence. But they're very good at zero, all the time. See, it took the nish. So there's a bit of fear. The whole thing, the windows and the windows. And air and sunshine. The windows and the windows and the windows. And you play the new generation. The windows and lights and the windows and the windows. And there are means and things. And you can take the windows and the windows. And you spit that. And you say, you're in a great patch. And you play the night. That's not a good thing. And you're in a great place. And you always sigh of the room. And you're back. I never sigh. We're stupid. We're stupid. We're getting heavy, we're system-sy. We're not too lazy. But to know this, we have to constantly do it. And we have to constantly do it. And we have to constantly do it. We have to constantly do it. And we have to constantly do it. And we have to constantly do it. And we have to constantly do it. And we have to constantly do it. And we have to constantly do it. And we have to constantly do it. And we have to constantly do it. And we have to constantly do it. Because we have to stay focused on the sound of voice and the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound of the sound. And as there's the sound of the sound of the sound of the quieter sound. and sitting in the other room, up in this luxurious relationship. There is nothing to handle in my mind, there is nothing to handle in my friends, there is no medicine. John is a little more than even some life in his case in the series, and glad my case is not serious. But these nervous can't be stored, but they're feeling depressing. John does not need how much I really suffer. He knows it is not easy, just after. And I've said this for myself. But the worst is I don't know what I'm listening to. But that's great, and he said, I don't know what I'm going to do. I need to be such a head to John, such a real best. And here I am, a character for you. No one would believe, but I don't know what you're thinking about. My name is and I tell you that, to create a mind-bought repository, And afterwards he said, I was letting it live in heaven. And then in heaven, in this place, in the give way, in such fences, beside that after the war, there will be the heavy fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, I don't care to live in, just for a three months later, I think that it still downstairs, there is such pity in this area, but they need some cleaners, there is no time in a place to live in, I said, you will do that and preced it, and have a crack in the house, and then there will be no fire, there will be the fire, there will be the fire, there is an air, and a constable or a respawn, And we're not gonna listen to silly things to make it a little plump. Just a little more. And then we're getting to that point. That's a little more. There's this little bit shit in the woods. There's a little bit of a shimt in the house. And there's a little bit of a shimt in the house. And there's this little move in the house. There's this little moving into this life. There's no room to shoot in the main place down there, perhaps. There aren't any experienced percentage of that, There's no status, and more behind this Zionife Mary's house. There are he says there will no imaginable time to have in prison. For near this weekend's slightlylevel. like, mission-related to all men, excited pasties, and that I got to use my real, a good sense to check and dance. So I try. I think sometimes, if I'm a little nervous, it's like they would really be the person I do as they listen. But I find it pretty tired from my child. It is so disparaging right to have any advice and to finish it. But I get really well. John said, I said, I said, I say, but this soon is the time, it's not good. I said, let me have very steady people. I need to understand. But I must not think about that. This thing needs to be a bit in mind, but I've been busy with it. There's a front spot. I don't need to understand. And to do this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this. I get, pass it to the end, unfortunately. And then it ever last in this, up and down in this side, where it's the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same. the And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. Like I said. But it's not. And it's running. And they're so. But the goddess. And it's there. And it's there. And it's there. There's a girl who's been to the sea. There's a girl who's been to the sea. There's a girl who's been to the sea. There's a girl who's been to the sea. There's a girl who's been to the sea. There's a girl who's been to the sea. There's a girl who's been to the sea. There's a girl who's been to the sea. She's an ex-past. Her hips were moved by her profession. Her hips were moved by her profession. What'd I do like? She's a man. There's no, she's a woman. She's a woman. She's a woman. She's a woman. She's a woman. She's a woman. And this is the reason for me. When the sun is just set, this is the reason for me to become sun. This is the start of the sun. And this is the reason for me to be a sister on the stage. Well, the fourth of July is in the people of the world and the people of the world. So we just have no children. We're children. We're children. We're children. We're a family. We're a child. We're a child. We're a child. We should see it in the middle. We should see it in the middle. We should see it in the middle. And this is the different genre of the world. Only the most of it. The most of it is the same. The most beautiful thing is that it was the most beautiful thing. It turned out to be anything. It turned out to be something. It turned out to be something. It turned out to be something. Of course, it doesn't turn Johnny's in there. Everybody else. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Just now. Don't cut him down. Very active. See this case. And Jimmy is dead. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Let's hearzeichna. Please look. Let's hear it. Little trouble. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to actually go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one right here and i decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to get my copper silver eras ready And my,,,,,, And I decided to go to the next one. And I decided to go to the next one. And the strawing outlines will not increase, selecting the layers that took place. Like a lot of rolling seeds and some changes. The whole thing is horizontal too. At least it's the same. Right, just like that, it's not finished. The leaves and the plow are just doing it actually. There is the horizontal breadth of the seeds, and that adds one looking to the division. There is one in the middle, where it's all missing. And there, in the post-like state, in the release of the shyness directly, I can only spend some information on that. And you can turn the little bit of tests into the filling in the front and the center. And rush out of the head and then the hinges at the equal destruction. It makes me tired, fluttered. I'll take a nap at this. I don't know where I should write this. I don't want to. I don't feel able. And I know John is going to see it. If I need much, say that I feel a little bit similar. It feels such a little bit. But the effort has been at the position. After time, I've actually made a lot of progress. Joseph, I miss it a lot, so he's nice to me. He has been taking the head and the other way. And lots of tonics and beans, to say nothing. And that, and where he's. Dear John, he allows me to do it. And he hates to have me sit. I told this idea, in his prison, to talk to me. But John, I'm so stupid, sure, that we go and make a visit because he's been in the middle. But he said, I wasn't able to do it. More ever, the standard after I got there. And I did not make out a very good case of my son. For I was fine, so I finished it. It was due to a great effort to need to think straight. This is notice, he answers to the notice. And dear John, gathered me up in his arms, and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed. And said, I'm not going to make him into the time. He said, I was with God, and he's planted him all of he had. And then I must take care of myself for his son. And keep going. He said, no one did myself can help me out of it. But I must use my way and self-confident. I'm not letting any sleep answers on me. There's one package. The baby is very happy. And there's no happy, I could tell. This is the most important thing. But we are not used. The best child would have fortune in the state. Why I wouldn't have a child of mine and a precious little thing. He had in such a little world. I never thought it would be right. But it is not for the child to have a child. I can stand so much easier than baby, easily. What was I never mentioned to me? And to others. But I should watch of it all this time. We are losing that paper. And nobody knows. We're losing. And that's not how to do the shit. We're everywhere. It's always the same shape. And we're doing the things. And it is like a woman who's sticking down and he's picking up the money and fashion. I don't imagine kids like that. I'm wondering. I wish John would take me away from the art. And he's still holding a topic of John about my taste. But I'm so wise. And I'm a crazy person to start. But I try to imagine it. And there's no one else. But no one shines in all of them. And just in some of them. I think the sea is in the ocean. And the sea is really sea. And I always present. John and the sea have been a great day. So I kept sleeping. And I actually read a letter. And he said, I said, I think the fate of your mind is in the shape of that. And just as this she wanted to get out. I got myself meant to see. This is the people who didn't. And then I came back. John was in there. What is it that you do, John? He said, don't you know what you're talking about, John? You did cold. I thought there's a big time in time. It's that told him that I really was not gaming in. And then I wished he were taking away. And I'd go away and see. But at least we'll be up in three weeks. And I came to see how to leave the floor. There are guys not done at home. And I can't possibly leave time just now. But personally, if you were in any danger, I could. And would. But you really own our better dear. Whether you can see it or not. I am a doctor, dear. And I know you're getting fresh and clear. The appetite is better. I thought very much easier about you. I didn't wear that small, said I. Who is much? And I appetite maybe better in the evening when you are here. But it is worse in the morning when you are away. You just say it or not, said me with a great big word. She said, be a sickest seat presence. They now, let's enter the shining hours by going to sleep. Let's talk about it in the morning. And you won't go away. I asked for me. Why? How can I dear? There is only three weeks more. I mean, we will take a nice, litigated trip of a few days. Well, Jimmy is getting the house ready. Really dear? You all better. Better and better perhaps? Happy to hear me? To stop you, Marks. For a sad straight and me, to me, was it to stir? Or push me, but I could not say anything. My darling, it's a big deal. My baby, dear. For my fake and poor child's sake, as well as for your own, which will never for one instant like that idea into your mind. There is nothing so dangerous. So fascinating to a chicken that black ears. It is a smell and a foolish smell. If you got trust me as a position, move my toes. So a question said, no man, it's all wrong. When we went to sleep at full moon, he thought I would see first when I wasn't. And later for hours trying to decide, but that pattern didn't matter. Really did move together, and decided. Had a pattern like this, I gave it. There is a lack of sequence. But the points of law, there is a constant irritant to a moon. And the color is hideous enough. And I'm reliable enough, and infuriating enough. But the pattern is unfortunate. You think you're a master, but just as soon as you get in the way and phone. It turns back to some inside the mirror, you want. It's slouching in the face, knocks you down, and tries to run in. This is like a bad dream. The outside pattern is a boring, hour-best, reminding where the fun is. If you can imagine a tasty endurance, an entombless dream that turns to ease, thought eating and starting in this convolutions, why, that is something like it. That is sometimes, there is one market peculiar about this paper. I think you know about these things to me, I'll explain myself. And that is the changes in the right changes. When the sun shines down, it's just winter. I always watch that first year in the street, it changes so quickly that I never can't quite believe it. That is why I watch it, but me, it's a dream shines in all night, and there is no meaning. I didn't know it was the same paper. I'd like an in-tone of light, and it's all light, tender light, and light light, and we're still all about me and light, it becomes boards. The outside pattern I mean, and the women that find it is as plain as to me. I didn't realize for a long time that the thing was, they showed that doing something, and now that light sure it is a dream, right day light shows to do, but that passing in this pattern, it's just so still. It's so present, it keeps me quiet by the hour. I like that I've never seen much of it. John says it is new to me, and just sleep all right there. Indeed, we started the habit, and we couldn't lie down, and we couldn't sleep. It was a very bad habit I didn't even see. But you see, I've never seen it. And that's what makes the suit. I don't try them any way. I don't know, but that's it. Maybe a little bit. This is very, very strange. Maybe a little bit, but it's not that strange. It's strange, actually. Just in the sun, it's a bit of a problem. But perhaps it is the bigger. I've got to jump in, and get out of my eyes with you. And it's going to be this hardening, and it's the best in species. I've gotten so much eyes, and need to act the paper, and say to me, I do, and I want to be the ones who need me. And I want to be the ones who need me. And this is the same in the past. And what she is doing is the paper. She tries to run, and she's been put sleeping. And it's better than that. That's me, why I shouldn't fight in her cell. And then she said, to keep this thing everything that touched. It's a family's need, and all that courage and courage. I see this being a traffic, been like that sun in the sun. But I am so stunning. And I am determined, and nobody should find out that it must be. Why is so very much not starting out in the industry? This is the biggest thing to do with words. And I need to do it better. And I'm not quiet in the midst. And I'm not trying to say things to see me in the industry. But not to need to be other than. And I see a bit of a relationship with the people. I don't know what to do. I just don't know what to do. I have no intention to tell me that it must be a curse of the water that we had in the past. But nobody would want to take me away. I don't want to leave you until I find out. There is a week more. I think that would be enough. I feel it even so much better. I don't see much in nights. But it's so interesting what's the balance. But I see the big deal in the daytime. And daytime is far from the production. There are always new things in the furnace. And you should know that it is. But you're not trying to do that. But you're not trying to transition. But it is this strange deal with that little paper. It makes me think of all the new things I need to say. It's not beautiful, it's not a product. It's the big fire that you need to know. But there's something else about that paper. It's small. And you notice that the moon became into the room. But there was so much fear and signs up there. Now you've had a week of body. And when the windows are open or not, the smell is still here. It's fixed. I find it very tiny. It's very tiny. I don't know how many things they're in. It's a year and a day. Even when I get alive. But trying to get something in surprises. There is that smell. It's not so picturesque. It's not too. I spent my life just like this. It's the same as it's smitten. It's not bad at first. And very gentle. But quite the subtlest. Most than during a ride ever met. But this bad weather is perfect. I wake up in the night and find it hanging over me. It used to disturb me first. I thought sorry, so morning, I had to see what you're expecting from the smell. When I run into this, I only think I can think of it. This is it is like a pillar. I think I can think of it as you're expecting from the smell. There's a very funny mark in this thing. I know that. But straight. Runs around the moon. It goes before. It's a strange thing. It's up there. And one straight. She's been smudged. As if it had been locked. And she'd have. I never had this done. You could did it. And let they did it for. Rounding and rounding and rounding and rounding. Rounding and rounding and round. And this is a dizzy. And we'd have to stop it suddenly. You're watching so much of that. When changing soon. I had finally found it out. The thick pattern does new. And I wonder. The woman defines shapes it. Sometimes I think there are great and any women behind. Sometimes I mean once. But she comes around and says, I have a flowing shape. It's at all over. It's been in the very bright spots. It's still still. And in the very shady spots. It's just pitch-pained at the bars. And it's pitch-pained. It's hard. This is all the time trying to find it. Do you? Nobody could find for that pattern. Explain it to me, son. Think that there's so many heads. They get through. And in the time, strain this amount. And try on the upside down. And make some eyes. But. Most heads were covered. And taken off. That's not. I think that woman did that in the daytime. And I'll tell you what. I've seen her. I've seen her at the very beginning of the windows. It is the same woman. And that, she's always fripping. And this woman did not think about the end. I think about the woman, well, that's the truth. She's the one. I have a curious past. She hides under the black bar in the list. Why don't you bring her a bit? It must be a very familiar, familiar, familiar, familiar by the end. Why are we so far away from the night? I don't even get a night. I know John, it's a special thing. And John and his superiors. But I don't want to irritate him. And we should take another minute. Besides, I don't get that anybody to get that woman at night. But listen. What can we do if I can see her? She's the one who really needs the ones. Which finds the space as I can. At least the other one in the middle of the time. And the light all we see them. She may be a perfect pastor that I think found. I'd watch her sometimes. Where he'll call you looking punch with me. Pretty astaceous. I'll show her in the fire. But only that time. And I don't even know. I need the choice. I can't learn anything. But I shot her at this time. It was not really a special situation. But I need two more days to get this pick up. I believe John is the one who's nervous. I don't like the rhythm. And I find him in his gym. A lot of professional questions back. She had a very good one to do. She said I slept with it being in the daytime. John knows that I seek her every night. Oh, I'm sick. He hasn't heard such a question. He's cute. Very cute. He's a pretty sick person. He's still there. I don't want her to act. She's sleeping in this pit. But I don't even have to see her. I think she heard John and Jim and he's sleeping in this pit. This is the last day that it is enough. John is to stay in town overnight. And he'll be out until this evening. Jim, you're going to be sleeping in this pit. Hmm? The actual thing, I should've been doubting me. It was better for a night. Hmm. That was clever. But I really wasn't doing any of this. As far as I was in my life, I had a clear thing, we didn't call, we saved the pattern. I got up in the end of the record. I had a pretty shit. I should've been shit-billed. And the three of them wanted me to be clear of the words of the paper. I should've thought about a surprise my fifth. And half of them were in me. And then in the sun and chain, and the both of them gathered in the laughing me. By the clear, I would finish it today. We'd go away tomorrow. And they're only with all my furniture down into these things as they were in the sun. But I didn't know that it was amazing. But I told her, you know, that I did it, she was a spiked, vicious thing. She left and said she wouldn't mind doing it for some. But I missed that good time. I should've been doing it for some. But I am here. And no person touches this paper that me, not the one. She tried to get me like a wound. It was two. But I said it was so quiet and painting. I'd rather be rather laid down in the sleep all right for it. I'd like to wait and leave it for me. I need to bother. It's a nice idea. Time is so miserable. And the things are done. And there's nothing left that would be better than they are than. I need to listen to that. I need to listen to that. We'll take a bit more time. Marriage... All the similarly different dates. That here, those bigants still were involved. Want it all meant to take the paper anyway? Of sincere love. I've heard of you, but we didn't do it. Had that woman buzzed it out and tried to get away, I'd been saying her, but I forgot I could not reach Bob, I didn't even understand her. This bed, being not known, actually I'd been interested until I was laying. Then I'd get something, we had little police at night but it felt fine to me. They're not pure about her, but I could make standing in the field. It's fixed for me, and the pattern just enjoys it. All this frame of pads and padless eyes, and badly pulling this breast, just like we're joyzing from getting angry and up to do something best, but it's like that, when it would be hand-made, we'll exercise the bar of the two-strain. Listen, that's a question. I ain't known, this is not like that, it's been, but not in this mystery. I didn't like to ignore the boundaries. There was so many of this, pretty many, and it fits in this. I knew I'd have to walk through that wall, but it was like, but I hadn't successfully passed in the dungeon, but I wasn't really hitting that. And I didn't need you out and ready to go. I didn't suppose I should have just met the pattern, and it was nice, and that is fine. There is so pleasant to be out in this great way, and it creep around as I think. I didn't know if you were listening, I think you had to do as into it. That side, you had to keep on the ground, and everything is green, you said, but here I can see, and I'm sure that just fits in that room and it's snowed, so I can't understand the way. Why? There is joy in it to do it. There's no usual man, I think it's good. I think that's good. I think that's fine, but that's, I'll be showing the breakdown that little thing. Find you, said I need to use this, which is down by the front steps, and you're planting. That side is to me, which means that you're planting. That side is to me, so that it's snowed, and you're planting. Let's see, it's down by the front door, and you're planting. And then I said it again. So that's how it is. Very delicious. It's so delicious. It's so delicious. And you had to do it in this room. And you said, any guy that can't sink in there? He's not sure. What is the matter of the pride? The guy's sink where you're dying. That's how they're feeling, this is the thing. But I need to do the mission here. I'm done here, and you have to start right? It's spilling in, and I peed up into the paper, so you peed me back. And now why should the man have fainted? What have you do? And where does that fall? It's not that bad. So that I have to clean over him every time. And then I know I get a shot, picking this in. We'll play it, I mean, we'll tell this now, I don't. I'll tell the truth, 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes. 10,000 mistakes.