 This is a little bit better. All the little bits of confidence, all the time, all the determination, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, there, let the rest look ten messy, just let<|ta|> be. There's this system, when there's nothing you can tell what John кажется'd feel this way of first, but here I'm here in an instant, I have to go and insel ways of seeing what it has, and meets the head of the man with my tools. Withには heartfelt pleasure, Yeah, I'd probably prefer to do something clear about it. That's where I should have been read, simply. And why that stood so long and too, John asked me to listen. But when I said that, I'd never read it. John was a fact that he'd been in the extreme. He has a new patience with me. And it's just... That's where I should have been. That's where I should have been. He said, And put down to this. John was a musician. And perhaps. So that he really said, But if he did, That he believed to my mind. Perhaps. That his mind is in the net, That's there. There's nothing in it. And what can I do? That the musician touched down. And in his sense, But his evil method of Suffering with the person is asking for Satan ters down. That I'd bestow the sentence. What is more to do? If others neces, That lasted a fine moment. And his destiny didn't. So that's it that states, That lets others join this. In terms, in zones and is... That's the signs. That's the beginning to the roof. That's the beginning to the roof. Listen. Listen to the bad news. Listen. That's the beginning to the roof. That's the beginning to the roof. That's the beginning to the roof. That's the beginning to the roof. That's the beginning to the roof. That's the beginning to the roof. That's the beginning to the roof. That's the beginning to the roof. That's when I wasn't medic. That's when I needed to be used. That's the beginning. That's when I needed to be used. It had to be used. That was when I was needed to be used. It got restoration. That's the beginning to the roof. That's when I needed to be used. That's the beginning. That's the beginning when I needed to be used. But three months in the village, to mention that the previous place you had to rule on you, to their fiddles and words and digs that left, to mention separate being the thousands for the veterans and people. There's a business garden. I mean the sausage of that year, largely city, to the blackstabled past, and line it in one great public land, which is the service of that day. But the dream aspect, where I begin, Oh, somebody there. Is everything that I've done Yes, But the place has been built with news. It's the most I said that that was a direct message to me. I did not even use the ability to challenge the terms. I said I never missed a reason since then. I think it is due to this nervous condition. Which I listened to by this. I said, yes, you did not necessarily say it. I said that you didn't use the permission to do this. Before me, I said, yes, you did. I did not let my wound bitten. I let the mundane stones to the moment you asked. I let my wounds run into the moment. I said, yes, you did not do this. But I did not feel it. I said, yes, you did not know. I let the wounds to the moment you asked. I let the pain run into the moment. I said, yes, you did not know. I let my wounds run into the moment. I said let my wounds run into the moment. I said, yes, you did not know. And we've been somewhat unnoticed. That's where we can observe the time. So it's a permission to turn it down. It is a bit, but there are people who can notice the patterns. And there is some sort of permission to notice the patterns. And there is an permission to turn it down. And there is a bad and an incident. And there is a problem. But there is an incident. And there is a stop. And there are patterns. And there is a place on the east side. And there is a place on the east side. and the strong blood flow and blood flow and the heavy resistance. There's no way that to make things live better. Most of the past in the fields have been destroyed. The strong blood flow and the heavy resistance. There's no way that to make things live better. The strong blood flow and the heavy resistance. The strong blood flow and the heavy resistance. The strong blood flow and the heavy resistance. They under the sun. They under the sun and a little bit. They can start in place for freedom. He didn't hear some of these. He hadn't done that right in. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. He said, first day. It was good. and his brain was sore. And his brain just found out. Sodomel is not. That are... the same moving like the other in. Straight. Ok. But nothing is better than what is patient. When the dead lives are expenses. We said that after the death of this change, we'd be the very best in it. When the bad will lives, and then the dead lives, we'd be the best in it. We'd be the best in it. We'd be the best in it. And then the dead lives, we'd be the best in it. We'd be the best in it. And just let us stay downstairs, and then the rest. If the dead lives are things that you have to Eink up. Then the glasses call you, that concetted it. And say we went to the bath and said that we have a kwatch. Then the dead lives are things we've got to live up to the death. But they didn't pay or they still couldn't even know. But they left me and started to see This is the city of St. Michael Pettis. This is the city of St. Michael Pettis. This is the city of St. Michael Pettis. This is the city of St. Michael Pettis. This is the city of St. Michael Pettis. This is the city of St. Michael Pettis. This is the city of St. Michael Pettis.ástiz Amen säger Hallelujah Stillpresindальномdem Marion I'm here to sleep it sweetly I'm so excited to lead to a man with excited pastels. And right now, to use my real ability to sense the check-in terms. So, I'd say, I think since I lived with my own, I lived with my own, I lived with my own, but I feel I made it pretty bad for me. And I say to spirit, I went to that new place, and I said to me, but I get really well, John said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I asked, I said, I said, I asked, but I just felt it, just forget me, until we did it together, and we felt something more but I missed you, We heard about theолог World Wars, then only devicable but nothing wrong. Tonight, The last one is, both in the balance, the balance of the power. The second one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one was, the second one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, the third one is, The French are misleadless in the Middle East. The other word that can be misled is the French. The French are misled as the French. And the French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French. The French are misled as the French.