 This is a readable recording. I read the watch recording on the internet. The more information that you want to hear is visited www.daptoreal.com. I love you. I love you. Let me tell you that you must be this, such a true, leadership and definitely, a very valuable, my Charlotte, Puppies, girl. It is very seldom in your ordinary people I join myself securing such profiles for the same. A colonial mansion, a hereditary estate. I would say a haunted house, and rich the fight of romantic philosophy, but that would be asking too much of fate. Still, I would proudly declare that there is something pure about it. But why else could it be less so cheaply, and why that stays a long untimely? John laughs at me in the face. But no one expects that in my area. John is practical to me, extreme. He has no patience to think, and in fit thought, he is a possible, not to be thought and seen, and put down in figures. John is a tradition, and perhaps, I don't know if I'm living so well, but this is a great fit, and a great relief to my mind. Perhaps, that is one reason I do not live so well in that state. You see, he does not believe I am fit, and what commanding, but that the fit man can't stand, and knows only heaven, that there is thin and military, that there is really nothing to matter with me, but thinking of him in nervous depression, or slightly scared of intimacy, and what is wrong to me. My brother is also a proficient man, and also a kind man, and he is also a good man. So I take both faiths and false thoughts, whichever it is, and tonics, and journeys, and air, exercise, and absolutely forget them, and I take them all again. Personally, I disagree with your ideas. Personally, I believe that if you kneel, and if you sit and change, you do me good. But what is one to do? We've got faith in this matter, but it dies in self-sufficiency, if you're having to be so sly about it, or else you meet with heavy opposition. I sometimes stand to be in opposition, but if I have less opposition in the real society than the stimulus, what John says is the very worst thing I can do is think about my position, and I confess it always makes me feel bad. So I will let it alone and talk about the house. The most beautiful place that is quite alone, standing well back from the road, like three miles from the village, it makes me think of English placing on two new roads, where there are hedges and walls and gates that lock, and lots of separate little houses for the gardeners and people. There's a delicious garden. I never saw such a garden, large and shady, full of box-boarded paths, and lined with long, great covered arches with silk tannins. There are greenhouses too, but they're all broken now. There was some legal trouble I could do, something about the poverty of food haters. Finally, the place has been empty for years. That spoils my merciless, I am afraid, but I don't care. There's something strange about the house. I can feel it. I mean, he said something, John. I mean, he said what I felt was abrupt and sharp-blown. I get then reasonably angry with John sometimes. I'm sure I've never used to be so sensitive. I think it is due to this nervous condition. But John said if I feel so, I should regret the thought of self-preciel. So I take the urge to be sure of myself before him, and that makes me very proud. I don't like how you are. I want to go downstairs with the people I'm in contact with, and I know it's only in the room. In such pretty old fashion, it's hanging, but John will not hear it. He said there was only one room, and not one for two rooms, and no new room for him if he took another. He's very careful and loving, and finally, that's me still, not special than it can. I have a scheduled prescription for each morning, though. He takes all care of me, and so I feel basically ungrateful not to know you're there. He said we came here solely on my own, if I was to have perfect rest and all the air I could get. Your exercise depends on your strength, my dear, said he, and your food somewhat on your appetite. But you can absorb all the time. So we take the measure of the top of our heads. You didn't do anything. The whole floor, the windows of the building, and air and sunshine everywhere. And the main street, the main playground, is amazing. The windows are marked with the children, and there are wings and things in the wall. The main thing to take a look at is a good morning school. It was spittal, but the great catch was the morning when you hit the road. Now the stars are in the moon, and in a great place on the other side of the moon, and there was a song of worst people in the world, and a little song of grand-forbidden events that made him able to exist. It was a lonely and easy morning, and most of all, most of you feel the same, and the books tell you, and when you fall, you may be set in stone, and when you're in despair, you may be sent to make excuses. You don't even know where you've been, you spoil yourself and when you're in pain. You're falling in love, and when you're in pain, you may be set in stone, and when you're in pain, you may be set in stone. No, you will never be set in stone. Set in stone. No wonder the children are painted this way. I should paint it myself if I had to live in this rain alone. There comes John, I must put this away. He hates to have it left. We've been here two weeks, and I haven't felt like writing for him since that first day. I'm sitting in the barbell in the room, happiness is precious and merciless, and there's nothing to hinder my writing as much as I please, said Blackstone. John is awake all day, and even some nights when his cases are serious, I'm glad my case is not serious. These nervous troubles are dreadfully depressing. John does not know how much I really suffer. He knows there's no reason to suffer, and I've saddened him. But the Lord says I'm in nervousness. There's a way on this earth, not that we might be in any way. I need to be such a help to God, such a real mess to the public, and here I am compared to the Lord in all ways. No one would believe what he ever did, but the little I made. Dress, and entertain, and other things. It is fortunate an area so good for the baby, such a dear baby, and yet I cannot speak with him. It makes me so nervous. I suppose John was never nervous in his life. He laughs at me so about this little paper. At first he meant to repaper the room, but afterwards he said that I was letting it rip the better of me, and that nothing was worse for a nervous patient than to give way to such fancies. He said that after the wallpaper was changed, that it would be the heavy bedstead, and then the barred windows, and then the dated, and the heavy restaure, and so on. And he knows the place in which I'm here, and I really do. I don't care if I renovate and help, just for a three-month sliver. Then do let us go downstairs, I said. There are such pretty windows there. Then he took me in the morning to find me a blessed little room, and said he would go down to the ceiling, and have a white wash under the bottom. But here's what's enough about the bed, and when he was in pain. It is an air of uncomfortable room, and me wanting to use that hand for it. I would now be so silly to make him un-pumped just for a few minutes. I'm really getting quite the volume, while I'm having a little paper. I don't want anyone to know I can see that. There's mysterious deep-shaded air, and I just pour a passion for it. I wish there'd been more of my dreams. I don't want to be a little bit more happy about it. I want to write it down. Belying to the estate, there is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. I always fancy I see people walking on these numerous paths, and all of them up, but down there and up and up, and I think I'll wear a fancy on the east. He says that with my imaginative power, and habit of story making, like mine is sure to lead to all manners of excited fancies, and that I ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency. So I try. I think sometimes if I were only well enough to write for you, you would relieve the press of ideas and lessons. But I find I get pretty tired when I'm trying. It is so discouraging not to have any advice and tenorship about my work. When I get really well, John says we will have pleasant Henry and Julia down for a long visit. But he says you were the soonest bit fireworks in my Philippines. Nice to let me have those stimulating people about my time. I wish I could get better first. But I must not think about that. This paper looks to me as a bit mutable and vicious for me. There's a pork spot for ten years at the coconut tree, and two of those this time are scared to have something. I get positively angry with the importance of it, and everlastness, up and down the sun rays that fall. And there's a seer in the northern of the Philippines. There's no need to think about the progress of the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's no need to think in terms of the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's a way of the movement. There's no need to think about the movement. There's a way. Okay. I knew the other thing I thought was true to me. I could always talk to him about the children and be certain. The furniture in this room is no worse than the ones on the main floor. But you have to be all up to your own mistakes. I suppose the most convenient of the program is having to take the new suit on his foot. And no wonder! I never saw something like it in the children's room here. The law thing with us. It's all up to his thoughts. We stick it closer when done. They must have had personal learning to the lowest people. Then the floor is smashed and the ground is slummed. The master himself is not doing anything. This great hidden bed is a tiny, tiny room. Looks a little bit like a dirty room. But I don't mind, I'm sure. I'm a little. Let those gentlemen sit. Such a dear girl she is. Be so careful of her. You must not let her come in. She's a perfect and easy master, possibly. And hopes for no better profession. I'm very envious. She thinks it was the lighting which made her sit. But I do not want her to sit in the room. You see her long enough. There's one room in the room. I love the shady room. The room just looks awful and empty. I love the comfy room. There's great rooms and another room. This wall is a perfect room for something. I'm a perfect showroom. I particularly hate to know. But I want to see it in certain rooms. I want to feel it in you. Many places are easy for you. And when the sun is just setting. I can see a stage. I'm hoping for a wonderful. I can see it's just a perfect room. I want to see it. I can see it. There's this long stairs. Well, the 4th of July is over. The people are gone and running and turning around. Going down the mountain maybe is a little bit of a problem. There's this house in the middle of the mountain. The children are in the middle of the mountain. Jimmy says to me, I'm going to try and find a place to sit. John said, I'm going to sit. He said, if I sit, you can wear a helmet and a helmet. But I don't want to be in the middle of the mountain. I don't want to be in the middle of the mountain. I don't want to be in the middle of the mountain. And he says, he just left a gun in my brother. He's a little small, so... He says, I'm such an idiot, I'm going to go to the top. Don't feel as if it was worth it. Turn my hand over from anything. I'm getting dreadfully hurt for the girls. I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine. I'm just fine. Of course, I don't feel honest here. Or anybody else. I'm going to run. I know a really good deal about some of it. John's kept in town very often on serious cases. And Vinnie, who's been with me for a long, long time, wanted to... I walked over the rain in the garden. I'm down at the lovely land. I sit on the porch out of the rain. I lie down and feel a good deal. I'm never going to fall in the rain this time. I'm not going to fall in the rain this time. I'm not going to fall in the rain. I'm not going to fall in the rain. It dwells in my mind so... my mind is great and movable. It is a male band. It falls that kind of a thing. It is a good man. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. It's a good man. I'm doing it. I'm starting to listen. I'm starting to go over there for a good amount of time. And I'm determined for the thousand times that I will follow that pointless pattern of some sort of a conclusion. I know a little of a principle of design. And I know this thing was not arranged on any laws of radiation or alternation or repetition or symmetry or anything else that I might have heard of. I do the keeping of the purpose by the purpose, but not others. I looked at it in one way. Each breath stands alone. The bloody blood of the blood stands alone. The blooded curves and fourishes are kind of the base bramonesque with delirium trimmings. They're wobbling up and down in isolated columns of fertility. But on the other hand, they can make diagonally and the sprawling outline grown off in great slanting waves up the corner like a lot of wobbling sea waves with full shape. The whole thing goes through the way it seems to me. I exhaust myself in front of this seamlessly filled up, distorted imagination. There is a horizontal breath for a phase that adds a wonderful confusion. There's one in the room where it's almost no time. And there, when it falls like a spade, my little time shines directly at the end. That's the almost basic radiation that's going on. The only big, big step is going to fall in the running slumber and rush back to the terminal of telling me that deep blue destruction makes no time for me. I will take a nap on this. I don't know why I should write this. I don't want to. I don't feel able. I know, Johnny, that I'm a bit of a sliver. I don't know much. The sliver that I feel in the slumber could do such a relief. But the effort is going to be greater than you need. Half the time, I'm an awful little and lie down ever so much. Johnny says I mustn't lose my spirit. He has me take a pet of a oil and lots of tonics and things to say nothing ailing young and wither neat. Dear John, I was a new dude and hates to have me sick. I tried to have a real earnest reason to talk to him in the end of the day and tell him that I wish he'd let me go and make a visit because the thing would be ruined. But he said I wasn't able to go. No, I was able to stand it after I got there. And I did not make out a very good case for myself. I was crying before I finished. It is getting to be a great effort for me to finish this. This is never something I should finish. And dear John gathers me up in his arms and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed. This sat on my head until he tired my head. He said I was his dog and his comfort and all he had. And that I must take care of myself for this sake and keep well. He said to me, no one but myself can help me out of it. But I must use my will and not make deely silly pens as I'm waiting. There's one topic that the baby is well and happy and doesn't have to occupy this nursery with a very good thing. If we had not used it, the blessed child would have but a fortune in escape. Why, I wouldn't have a child of mine and fresh little thing live in such a room for worlds. I never thought of it before. But it is lucky that John could leave me after I had so much easier than waiting in this room. But of course I never mentioned what I had to do with this. But I keep watching about all this. We have things in that paper that nobody knows what ever we own. I have helps on credit and do sheep with fear every day. Always the same sheep only very new ones. And it is lucky in the only one sticking down and peaking about the honey of the pattern. I don't like the bits. I wonder if they'll be the same. I wish John would take me away from here. It was so hard to talk with John about my case. But the case here is so wise. And the case he was in was so. But I tried to understand. It was New York. The moon shines all around the city sun. And this is the sun. I can't see it sometimes. But it's so little slow. And I know there's cameras on my way. I don't know if I remember. John lives in the city. And I've hated to wait for him. So I kept stealing and watched him eat when I got down to the lady in the house with John Feltman. But they figured my kind of scene to shake the pattern. Just as wish he wanted to get out. I got up soft and looked at the field. And see if the paper didn't read me. And when I came back, John was awake. What is it little girl? He said, don't feel walking about what that. He'll get told. I thought it was a good time to talk. So I told him that I really was not dating him. And I wished he would take me away. Why go away instead of me? If I least would be up in three weeks. And I can't see how's the lead before. I don't know. I can't see how's the lead before. There are fears in my family home. And I cannot possibly lead a challenge of some ill. Of course, if you were in any danger, I could and would. But you really are better, dear. Whether you can see it or not. I am a doctor, dear. And I know you're getting flesh and color. Your appetite is better. And I felt really much easier about you. I don't wear a bit more, said I. Nor as much. And my appetite may be better in the evening when you are here. But it is worse in the morning when you are away. The last whole little farm said he would break their bones. She shall be as sick as she pleases. But now, let's improve the shining hours by going to sleep. Don't talk about it in the morning. And you won't go away? I asked, only. Why? How can I, dear? It is only three weeks more and then we will take a nice little trip of a few days while Ginny is getting the house ready. Really, dear? You are better. Better in body, perhaps? I beg your pardon. I stop short. But for a set-up straight, the mood to me was such a stern, refreshed look that I could not say another word. I beg your pardon, dear. For my sake and for our child's sake, as well as for your own, that you will never, for one instance, let that idea into your mind. There is nothing so dangerous, so fascinating, to a temperament like yours. It is a false and foolish fantasy. Can you not trust me as a physician whom I tell you so? So, of course, I said no more, my score. And we went to sleep for four long. He thought I was asleep first, but I wasn't. And, lay there for hours, trying to decide whether that blood pattern and that black pattern really did move together or separately. On a pattern like this, by daylight, there is a lack of sequence. But the fines of law live a constant irritant to a normal mind. The color is hideous enough and unreliable enough and infuriating enough that the pattern is torturing. You think you're mastered it, but just as soon as you get well under re-infulging, it turns a back somersault in there you are. It slaps you in the face, knocks you down, and cramples the plane. This is like a bad dream. The outside pattern is a fluid hervest, and a fungus. If you can imagine a toadstool in joints, an interminable string of toadstools, thudding, and scouting in endless convolutions, why, that is something like it. That is, sometimes, there is one market materiality about this paper, a thing nobody seems to notice by myself. And that is that it changes as the light changes. When the sun shoots in through the east window, I've always watched that first long, straight moon. It changes so quickly that I never can quite believe it. That is why I watch it every once. By moonlight, the moon shines in all night when there is a moon. I wouldn't know it was the same paper. At night, in any kind of light, then twilight, candlelight, lamplight, and worst of all, by moonlight, it becomes bars. Yes, I've had it, I mean, and the woman behind it is playing as can be. I didn't realize for a long time what the thing was that showed behind. That dim sub-time, but now I am quite sure it is alone. By daylight, she has to do, but, I fancy it as the pattern that features her still. It is so puzzling, they piece meat by it by the hour. I lie down ever so much, and John says he's working, and to sleep all I can. Indeed, he started to have it, but I think he lied down for an hour, and turned. It is a very bad pattern I have to face. But you see, I don't see it. And that cultivates the seat, but I don't tell them on a week. Oh no. I think I've seen a little thing of them. It seems very, very strange. I think I've seen them as an inexplicable thing. It's strikingly interesting, but I think I've seen a little thing of them. But the fact that it's a people, I do not know, and I think I know a little thing of them. And coming through suddenly, I looked through the solutions. Not for a several times, looking at the paper. And Ginny too, I thought Ginny had her hand on her hands. She didn't know what to do. And you know she's trying to kill her. She had very good thoughts. And the most restraining of her possible, what she was doing, she turned around and said, I guess if she had been touched here, I'd be fighting her. I should have been fighting myself. And she said, People say everything it talks. I see a funny little experience of all my toys and toys. I see a wishful thinking of her, but the context now isn't. But I am starting to study, and I'm telling nobody to find out in myself. Life is so very much more exciting than it used to be. This year I have something more to say. I'm a little bit better, and I'm more tired than I was. I've gone so far to see the employee. He wanted to live the other day. And so I see a deep voice, and I say, Why is it not your paper? I tell you all the time. I had no idea it was my challenge, but it was because of the law paper. He had made fun of me. He might even want to take me away. I don't want to leave now until I've found it out. There is a week more, and I think that would be enough. That feeling ever so much better, that I'll sleep much at night, that he's so interesting he wants to know me. But I see a good deal in the daytime. In the daytime it's a nice and neat complexion. There are always new sheets on the phones, and new shades of yellow all over it. I cannot keep counting them. You are outside precious. It is the strangest yellow of that law paper. It makes me think of all the yellow things I ever saw. All the beautiful ones are butter, the old and the bad ones are nuts. If there's something else about that paper, the smell. I noticed it the moment we came into the room, there was so much fear and silence, it was not fair. Now we have found a beat of fog and rain, and part of the windows are open and not, and the smell is still here. It crinks all the way through the house, confiding in the building and dining room, stulting in the hall, driving in the hall, dining and waking on the stairs, and listening to my kid. Even though I've been alive, I've felt my head suddenly in surprises. There is that smell of such a peculiar odor too. I spent hours in the side of the hall, staring at the smell of it. It is not bad, at first, and very gentle, but quite the subtlest, most enduring odor I've ever met. In this damp weather it is awful. I wake up in the night and find it hanging over me. It used to destroy me at first. I thought seriously of burning my house to reach the smell. But now I'm used to it. The only thing I can think of is that it is like the color of the paper, a yellow smell. There's a very funny mouth on this one. You lower down and figure the mouth board. A street ranger and ranger. It goes between every piece of furniture except the bed. A long straight, even smorch, as if it had been rubbed over and over. I wonder how it was done, who did it, and what they did it for. Round and round and round, round and round and round, it makes me dizzy. I've really had to scubbish some people out. For what reason would you know that I changed this, sir? I finally found it out. The front fatter does move, and I wonder, the woman behind shakes it. Sometimes I think there are great many women behind, and sometimes only one, and she calls around fast, and her crawling shakes it all over. Then in the very bright stars, she'll keep still. And in the very shady spots, she gets hit full of the bars and shakes them hard. And she's all the time trying to climb through. But nobody could climb through that pattern, explain with sir. I think that is quite, there's so many heads. They get through, and in the pattern strangles them off, and turns them upside down, and makes their eyes fight. Those heads were covered with taken off, and nothing could have so many. I think that woman gets out in the daytime. And I'll tell you what, but... I've seen her. I can see her out of every one of the windows. It is the same woman I know, where she is always creeping, and most women do not creep by daylights. I see her on that long road, and her wings, creeping around, and her curious parts, she hides under the black-birded mountains. I don't blame her bits. They must be very humiliating to be creeping by daylights. I also know her creep by daylights. I can't even remember what. I know John was a sex on three months. And John is so queer now, that I don't want to irritate him. I wish he would take another wing. Besides, I don't want anybody to get that woman out at night, but myself. I often wonder if I could see her out of all the windows at once. But because as fast as I can, I can only see out of one at a time. And though I always see her, she may be able to creep faster than I can turn. I've watched her sometimes away, also in the open trenches, creeping as fast as a cloud shadow in a high room. If only that tough cabin could be done off from the end of one. I mean to try it, little by little, I've found out another funny thing, that I shot teller at this time. I was not even supposed to take too much. There are only two more days to pick this paper up. And I believe John is beginning to notice. I don't like to look in his eyes. And I heard him ask Ginny a lot of professional questions about me. She had a very good report to give her. She said I slept a good deal in the daytime. John knows I don't sleep very well at night. But while I'm so tired, I actually also took a fish tank to school. I kept telling her to be very loving at night. As if I could see through him. Still, I don't wonder the answer to see if I'm going to be sleeping for three nights. I'm just interested in her. But I feel sure John and Ginny are secretly affected by it. Hooray! This is the last day, but it is enough. John is to stay in town overnight. And he'll be out until this evening. Ginny went to sleep with me this night. But I told her I should endow it to be less better for a night all alone. That was clever. But I really wasn't alone in this. As soon as it was noon, I felt a thing began to fall and shake the pattern. I got up and ran to help her. I thought she was sick. I felt she pulled. And before morning, we had killed all the yards of the paper. I stripped about a square inch of my head and half around the room. I didn't know when the sun came and that awful pattern began to laugh at me. I declared I would finish it today. We'd go away tomorrow. And they're all moving all my furniture down again to read things as they were. Ginny looked at the long and amazing. But that's all I've heard in the mirror and I'm getting a pure spite of the vicious thing. She laughed and said she wouldn't mind doing it herself. But I must not be tongueed. I'm just a child of sin. But I am. A married person touches this paper but me. Not alone. She tried to get me out of the room. It was too painful. But I said it was so quiet and empty and I believed out loud that I would get a sleep all I could. And I'd wait there even for a day. I would call the time. And now she's gone. Every cell is gone. And the things are gone. And there's nothing left that would best every male bandit have ever done in his life. I'm telling you. You should sleep. Now he's still in his room. I'm taking the phone as well. I'm trying to enjoy the room. And I'm leaving. I always told you big story about you. This big story is very long. I'm sorry. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I don't want to go. I don't want to be by the corner of the corner. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't want to go. I don't want to be by the corner of the corner. If that woman does get out, and tries to get away, I can't save her. But I forgot I could never reach home without anything to stand on. This bed will not move. I tried to lift and push it until I was laying. And then I got so angry, I bit off a little piece of my finger. But it hurt my teeth. They are pure off all the paper I could make standing on the floor. It sticks horribly, and the pattern just enjoys it. All those strangled heads and bulbous eyes and juggling fungus verse just shriek with vision. I'm getting angry enough to be something desperate. I've got to have a window with the admirable exercise, but the bar is too strong and hard to come. This aren't very good. But of course not. I know well enough this step like that is being thought by a lightning mist in school. I don't like to even look out of the windows. There are so many of us creeping in, and they creep so fast. I would have been all clean out of that lock if I had a window. But I am so clearly passing out, but my world didn't work. You don't get me out of nowhere here. I suppose I should have a window that can't be covered by a night, and that is boring. It is so pleasant to be out in this great rain, and I think around like things. I don't want to go outside. I won't. You didn't have to gene-pass me to. Outside, you have to think on the ground, and everything is raining instead of the water. But here, I can't think of a smoother way to go. And my shoulder just fits me that long, smoother way to go. So I do not need to go. Why, there is a giant at the door. There is no use running there. Anything, right? No, it's fine. I know it's crying for a mix. There will be a shame to break down that beautiful door. So I'm here, said I, in generous voice. The key is down by the front steps, and I'm trying to get in. That's all I'm telling you for tonight. What do you say? I'm trying to get in. What can you do? I can't say. The key is down by the front door, and I'm trying to get in. And then I said it again several times. I really didn't mean to slow you. I said it so long, and you had to go to the sea. But he got it for us and came out. He's not short on the door. What is the matter, if you cry? For God's sake, what are you doing? I kept on thinking of this machine, but I looked at him over my shoulder. I got out at last, said I, in spite of you and Ginny. And I pulled off most of the paper, so you can't take me back. Now, boy, I should have never fainted. But he did, and ran across my path by the wall, so that I had to creep over him every time. Then, though, the yolo I bit, I tried to think of you. You thought of me, I am precisely your childhood mother. October 2, 2000.