 This is a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the little bit of a little bit here. This thing. This is more than like angels sighing thru his cooking skills but but that would be asking too much of fate. Still, a crowd will declare a second full of eyes. That's why I ought to show you that, so cheaply, and why the streets are long and timidly, who join the last secret place. But more than expect that in marriage. John is practical in his dream. He has no patience with faith, and in tense horror, superstition. And he's got openly at any top of his things, not to be felt and seen and put down in figures. John is a physician, and perhaps, I would not say to a living soul, of course, but this is dead paper and a great relief to my mind, perhaps that is one reason I did not get well faster. And you see, he does not believe I am sick and what can I do? But the physician and the eyes seem to be a little bit more, but she is free and lulligated. But there is really nothing in that of it, but temporarily nervous depression, a slight disturbed opportunity. What is going to be? My brother is also a physician, and I am also a high-student. And he says the same thing. He's a very thick, phosphate, for whichever he is. In Thomas, in journeys, in A, exercise, and in absolutely needful, good, in each other's work, in surviving well, in a person, and just a real miracle, I do it. Personally, I believe, in a continual way, but excitement and change, in a doing new world. What is what is going to do? I did write for a while, inspired for you, but it does, you draw to me, and you do this as a slider, and that's what I'm doing. I sometimes fancy that my condition, if I had less opposition and more society and stimulus, the John says the very worst thing I can do is, think about my condition, and I confess that always makes me feel bad. So I will let it alone and talk about the house. The most beautiful place is that it is quite alone standing well back from the road, quite three miles from the village, and makes me think of English places that you read about. But there are hedges and walls and dikes that walk, and lots of separate little houses for the gardeners and people. There is a delicious garden, and never saw such a garden, large and shady, full of box-boughted paths, and lime with long, blue-covered art-based receipts under them. There are green houses too, but they are all broken now. There was some legal trouble, but something about the hills and hills, or any of them, the place found in few years. That spoils my go-slee in this sign for me, but I don't care. There's something strange about this. I can feel it. I even said so to John, and he said, what I can't do is a drop-in sign. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. John said, I'm sure I never used to do this since then. I think it is due to his nervous condition. But John said, if I feel so, I should neglect proper self-control, so I take things to control this. Before him, and that makes me curious. I don't know why I found you in the case. I want to learn about this here, because I can't learn anything about it. I've heard this all over the world. It's such a good thing. John's got to learn. He said, I know. He's not here. He's just here. I know you're here for fun. Take another. He's here. He's here for another. He's having that same spirit. That's such a great experience. I'm just a subject to speaking. He's crying. He takes all of care for me. Just an after you're patient. I'm afraid I'm not allowed to. He said, if you're so young, if I was to have a perfect rest, and all the air I could get. Your exercise depends on your strength, my fear, said you. And your food, somewhat on your appetite. But ever you can absorb all the time. So we took the nursery at the top of the house. It is a big airing. The whole foreign air with windows that look all the way. And air and sunshine glow. It was nursery first. And then play room and imagination. I should judge. But the windows are body and wood children. And there are means and things of the walls. The people and people look as if a boy's school had used it. It is stripped off the paper. In great patches all around the head of my bed. About as far as I can. I never saw a wood school. You know, the sky, flame, fire, and having a pretty every artistic side. The whole earth is a dream. The world has to constantly irritate and provoke study. And when you follow the main uncertain curves, the view of distance. They suddenly commit suicide. Plunge off at outrageous angles. Destroy themselves and then herd of contradictions. The colour is repelent. All those who go to a small room. Uncliminal room. The school must be faded by the sea. A lot of sun. I don't know. I don't know. The world is on places. Sickly soaked with tent notes. No wonder the children painted it. I should hate it myself. I had to live in this room long. There comes joy. I must have a visit. I don't even know. Right away. We've been here for a while. I've been here for a while. I don't know what you're saying. He's living by the window. I've been a staccraceous and merciless man. I've been in my mind. Lots of that money. I want to say black and stroke. John is away all day. He's leaving some mercy on his face. And I'm glad in my face of my choice. He's nervous towards a large, refreshing way. John does not know how much I really suffered. He knows there is no reason to suffer. But not satisfied, sir. Of course it was only nervousness. It does weigh on me so not to do my duty in any way. I meant to be such a hope to John, such a real rest and comfort. But here I am a comparative burden already. No one would believe what an end of the world is. I think that's a great way to get my duty. I meant to do it. Another thing is that it is fortunate Mary is so good for me. Such a dear Mary and yet I cannot see her. He makes me so nervous. I suppose John is never in my business like this. He left me so, like I've just walked out of it. But of course he meant to be a hope to go in the court. But afterwards he said that I was letting it get the better of me. And that nothing in his works or in more despishable to him. He didn't give away such choices. They said that after the law finished his children, he didn't give him a gift. And then he found when he left his home. And then he gave up, but never the spirit of his son. You know the place is doing your good. And really do it. I don't care to renovate the house just for a 3-1 screen to me. You do that as you go down. There are such things I need to write. Then you took me in his house and called me a plus of you. He said you would be going to say, but I thought he had a crush on me. But he was laughing. He was like, I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I know this week is like my school time. I'm going to say something. I'm going to lie to you. I'm going to lie to you. I think sometimes I will call you back. But you really have the first idea to ask me. But I found it in the kitchen time. And it's so just filled. I'm not going to let you go. I'm going to lie to you. I'm going to lie to you. Can I get really well? John said he has nothing to do with me. I'm going to lie in this kitchen. He says he really suits the fire. That's not the truth. I still let me have very stimulating people out here. I'm going to lie to you. I'm going to lie to you. But I must not think about that. So let's keep it. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's the truth. I think that's where we met each other. and the eyes grow all the way down the line and they wear this little fire at the neck-up. Then they just saw something easy przescin' dangerous man. And we all know how much especially... it's the五-star lighthouse in their town. For me, legit TV... It's the heaven. There are kids cockroaches! The nurse caught the連fia. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. Why is it closed when this was used in the car, when we had to take the nursing things out? And no wonder, I never saw such advantages of the children's at home here. The wall here, where I sit, is torn off in silence and it's sticking closed when we were in the car. The last one, which is a blue, and the white, and the sea, which is a blue, This is the first time I've ever seen a girl in the world. It looks like a good girl. There comes John's sister, such a weird little choice. And so carefully, I'm listening to her. She's a perfect woman to care. She could know that she will be rich. I know what you do is to relax your sleep. But I can write and choose me to be close. She would hesitate to let me fall around. And I would do better when I'm awake. There's this driving service. Well, the fourth of July is over. The people have gone tired, out. John got my dude to slow him up. So he just had another one. He showed him that. He's almost there. He's so tired. He's so tired. He's so slow. He's so tired. I hear a friend who's like a scavenger. He just says he's just like John on the bed. Only more so. He's like he's such a beautiful guy. He's so calm. No fear. I just want to go. I'm trying to find him. Yeah. I'm feeling good. Of course, I'm going to drive. I'm going to drive. John is going to drive. I'm going to see his face. And too, he's good. I'm going to drive. I'm going to drive. I'm going to drive. So don't want to push. Me and I will pass him from the right position. Self I'm going to pass him on. And follow that calendar all the time. It is as good as gymnastics I assure. I start, and I say, at the bottom, down in the corner over there where it has not been touched. And I determine for the thousandth time that I will follow that rules, have them to some sort of conclusion. I know a little of a principle of design. And I know this thing is not arranged on new laws of radiation or alteration or repetition, all so much is anything else that I've ever heard. It is written in a book that says, but not in a book that says, that's written in a book. Look at in one way. Each breath stands away. The bloated curves and fourishes. I kind of debase Romanesque with delirium trimmings. Go waddling up and down in isolated columns of fertility. But on the other hand, they connect diagonally. And the sprawling outlines run off in great slanting ways up to color, like a lot of wallowing series in full chase. The whole thing goes horizontally too. At least it seems so. That exhaust must not be in the trimmings, the stinger is the order of its goal and direction. They have used a horizontal breath for a freeze, and that adds one deflated confusion. There is one end of the room where it is almost intact, and there, when the cross-light spade and the loose sun shines directly at the planet, I can almost fancy radiation after all. The intonable grotesque scene to form around the common scene, and rush off in heavy long corners of the vehicle's scratch. It makes it a time to follow it. How will I take it now, by this? Although no virus would write this, I don't want it. I don't feel able, and I know John thinks that I'm so old, but I must. I just say that I feel that I can't be sunlight, it is such a relief. Every day, every day, every day, every day, every day. I have the time I am happy with it, and I don't ever see much. John says I must take my screen, and here is where to take fun of the whole, and not take time, things to say nothing. I am a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man, a real man just getting to be a great effort for me to think straight, just this nervous weakness I suppose. And do you John gathered me up in his arms and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed and sat by me and read to me until it tired my head. He said I was his darling, I was comforted and all of you had, and that I must take care of myself for his sake and keep well. He says no one but myself can help me out of it, but I'm asking you how my real and self-control and not let any silly fenceies run away with me. There's one comfort, but baby is well and happy and does not have to occupy this immersive, with a horrible piggy. If we had not used it, the blessed child would have what a fortune in a scape, why I wouldn't have a child of mine, an impressionable little thing, to live in such a room for worlds. I never thought of it before, but it is lucky that John kept me here after all. I can stand it so much easier than a baby, you see. Of course, I never mentioned it to anyone, I ain't too wise. But I keep watching by the same way. There are things in that paper, and nobody knows for me, I have a world behind that outside pattern. It's all in the same shape, only very new. It's like a woman who's keeping down and clicking about her own pattern. I don't like it with this, I wonder at the end of the thing. I wish John would take me away from here, but it's so hard to talk to John about my taste, because he was so wise, because he wasn't so. But I tried to lie to him. He was here, but the new shans and all around, just he was seeing that. I hope he sees him behind me, he's so strong. All his comes in by the woman, but no one will ever know. John was asleep when I headed to waking me. So I kept staring and watched the new one, and that injury laid in the eye, and he took me to my flat. If they put you behind your face and shake the pan, just if it's your own, you guys. I got up soft, and he just said, the paper didn't. And when I came back, John was awake. What is it, little girl, he said, don't go walking about like that. You get cold. I thought it was a good time at all. So I told him that I really was not gay nor gay, and that I wish to take me away. Why darling, so, I at least will be up in three weeks, and I can't see how to read before, there are players not done at home, and I cannot possibly be down this level. Of course, if you were in any danger, I could and would, but you really are better to read. Whether you can see it or not. I'm a doctor here, I know you're gay and bleached and color. The appetite is better. I thought it really was much easier about you. I thought it was way of 5 more said I. More is much, and my appetite may be better in the evening when you are here, but it is worse in the morning when you are awake. Bless her little heart, said he would a great good hug. She shall be a sick as she pleases. But now, let's include the shining hours by going to sleep. I'll talk about it in the morning, and you won't go away. I'll just go away. Why? How can I, dear? It is only three weeks more, and then we will take a nice little trip over a few days while Jimmy is getting the house ready. Really, dear. You are better. Better in body perhaps, I've been in the stop for it. Chris set up straight and looked at me with such a stern, repurchful look that I could not say another word. My darling said who? I'd beg of you for my sake and for our child's sake, as well as for our own. But you will never, for one instant, let that idea into your mind. There is nothing so dangerous, so fascinating to a temperament like yours. It is a false and foolish fancy. Can you not trust me as a physician who I tell you so? So of course I said no more on that score, and we went to sleep for a while. I thought I was a sick first, and I wasn't sure. And later for hours trying to decide whether that foot pattern and that fat pattern really did reach together for suffice on a pattern like this, like they might. There is a lack of secrets, but the finds of law, there is a constant irritant to a normal mind. The color is hideous enough, and unreliable enough, and infuriating enough, but the patterns to fortune. You think you are mastered, but just as soon as you get well underway and following, it turns up back Summersault and there you are. It slaps you in the face, knocks you down, and truncles a punny, just like a bad dream. The outside patterns are flawed, our best, reminding one of the funnest. If you can imagine a toast to your own joints, an internalist in toast to your own, but in this pattern, in these conditions, that is something like it. There is some diamonds, there is one in the market, which I don't know, but there is more of a thing to say to this. There is some changes as I mentioned in this. In the sun, she is in the face of the mirror. Now all these watchers are the first floor, and it is great there. It changes so quickly that I knew I can't quite believe it. That is why I was watching this. My mood lights, the moon shines in all my memories of me. I didn't know what this was in the paper. It might be the moon from the light, and it's far like candlelight, and lamp light, and worse than all of my moon lights. It becomes bars, the outside pattern I mean, and the woman behind it is this plainness convenient, but I didn't realize for a long time the moon was the show behind it. That dim sub pattern, and now I have quite sure it is a woman. But they are actually so do, quite. I think it is a pattern which is so strong. It is so pleasant, it keeps me quiet by the hour. All I down, ever so much, while enjoying such a beautiful night, I can't just see all I can. But he started to have it, when I'm making a lie down, when I'm out of the kitchen. It is a very bad habit I've experienced. For you see, I don't see it. And that cultivates the seat. If I don't tell them I'm awake, oh no. The fact is, I'm getting a little afraid of John. He seems very clear sometimes, and even Jenny has an inexplicable look. It strikes me at the occasion, just as a scientific hypothesis. The perhaps it is the paper. I have watched John, and he did not know I was looking, and come into the room suddenly on the most innocent excuses. I've caught him several times, looking at the paper, and Jenny too. I caught Jenny with her hand on it once. She didn't know I was in the room. I knew I was trying to cross. I knew I was trying to cross. The most restraining in the hospital. The most serious thing in the paper. She turned around so she had been caught stealing. And looked quite angry, asking me why I should fight myself. And then she said, the paper stained everything at touch. She had done a little smudges on all my clothes and jeans. And she was always beautiful. With more hot sand pieces. But I know she's studying her habit. And I am determined that nobody should find out with myself. Life is so very much more exciting than it used to be. You see, I have something more to expect. To get bored too. To watch. How will you get me up by the way? And I'm more quiet than what. John is so pleased to see me here. He worked a lot here again. He said I seen him get bored. He needs to hide in my wallet. I turned off my wallet. I have no intention to find him. But he has to hide. He's not able to lock him. He would make fun of him. He might even want to take me away. I don't want to leave him now until I found him out. There is a week more. And I think that would be enough. I'm feeling ever so much better. If I don't see much of mine, but he's so interesting to watch the problems. But I see the good thing. I'm not sure. And they're telling me it's just ours and what's it? We're always new shapes on the funnest. And new shapes are going to be all the problems. I don't like it. John. Do I have time to change this? But what is this strange thing about the car? And it's going to be called the old things. I just want to be like, I feel like I'm going to have a car. And I don't want to be like that. I don't want to be like that. And there's something else about it. It's now. Can't notice the criminal getting into the room. There's so much fear, I'm sorry. I'm not looking at the room. It's the problem. And while the room is open, I'm not. It's not. It's going to be. I'm going to tell you. It's this problem. It's just over. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's like I'm in big crowded places. If I turn my head suddenly into prizes, there is that smell such a peculiar odor too. I have spent hours in trying to analyze it. To find what it smelled, it is not bad. And first, and very gentle, too quite the sun is the most enduring odor I've ever met. And this damp weather was clothed. I wake up in the night and find it here over. It used to disturb me first. I thought seriously, I wanted to have a soup to reach the smell. But now I'm used to it. The only thing I can think of, because that is like the colour of the paper. A yellow smell. There's a very thing on the screen. I'm just going to sleep. And I can go to sleep. And I can sleep. Oh, shit. You can sleep. Is it something that you've been wrong? You've been hurt. I wonder how it's done. If it's late, I'm not very good at this. Round, round, round, round. Round, round, round. It makes me dizzy. I really have discovered something like that. He watches so much at night. He changes. Finally, down and out. The foot pattern does new. And no wonder, the woman behind shakes it. Sometimes I think I have a great meaning behind it. Sometimes I'm going to the one. But she calls her no fives. And her phone shakes it all over. And then her voice pops. She's still. And then her very shame is gone. She just takes both of the bars and shakes them hard. She's all the time trying to help. But nobody's trying to let pattern. That's the same. That's how many heads they get through. And then the pattern, the string goes along. It turns them upside down. And makes it really hard. I'm going to put it in. I'm going to put it in. I'm going to put it in. I'm going to put it in. I'm going to put it in. I think that woman did tell you data. I'm not telling you about it. I've seen it. I've seen it. Every woman of the windows. It is the same woman. I know. For she is always creeping. And most women do not creep by daylight. I see her on the wrong road under the trees. Creeping along. And when a carriage comes, she hides under the blackberry vines. I don't blame her a bit. It must be very humiliating in the concrete. I think that's it. I know it's not the door. I'm not going to put it in. I can't do it at night. For I know John is suspect something was. John is so clear now. But I don't want to irritate him. I wish you would take me there. I'm not going to say that. I don't know. If I reach out to the woman, I'm not going to say that. I can't win. I said that. I can't win those hands. The choice. This is I can't. I can't say it. I can't win. It's on the line. Oh, it's on the line. She made the impede. That's true. Then I can turn. And watch her sometimes. I'm going to open the open country. Creeping is anxious. I'll shadow in my high wind. I'm going to the clock. I don't think we've got enough of you in there. I need to try it. We don't buy you. I found out another funny thing. But I shot tell it this time. It's not due to trust pay for too much. But I only do it. You won't. I believe John can be. I don't want you to go. Can I go to this channel? Why is this question called question? She has a very good report to do. She's so smart. She's so smart. Oh, yeah. John, you're going to see. She's going to see. Oh, it's so funny. She hasn't gone. So she's going to watch you. She's going to watch you. I'm going to pretend that you're in the car. I'm going to see you. Yeah, I'm going to. Yeah, I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I don't want you to ask. I'm going to get this paper for you. I'm going to enter this small line. I like to go to the show. I'm going to show you how to make a perfect line. Harah. This is the last day that it is enough. John is to stay in town overnight. And we'll be out until this evening. Jamie, I'm going to be sick with me. It's not. But I told her I should undoubtedly less feather for a night. Oh, no. That was clever. But I really wasn't alone a bit. As soon as it was moonlight, and at four things again to crawl and shake the pattern, I got up and ran to help her. I pulled and she shook. I shook and she pulled. And before morning we had peeled off the yards of the paper. I stripped about as high as my head and half around the room. And then when the sun came and the off of pattern began to laugh at me, I declared I would finish it today. We go away tomorrow. And they're all moving all my furniture down. And time things as they were before. Jamie looked at the wall in the maze. But I told her, Mary, that I get a pure spite of the vicious thing. She laughed and said she wouldn't mind doing it herself. But I must not get tired. How she betrayed herself that time. But I am here. And no person touches this paper but me. Not alive. She tried to get me out of the room. But I said it was so quiet. I think you know, I would love to leave that little lie down again. She didn't call like her. I'm not to wake you even for dinner. I would call her when I was a kid. So now she is gone. And the servants are gone. And things are gone. And there's nothing left that great dead skin. And they all died. And there's nothing left that's gone. Jesus, don't say anything. I'll take you to the room to my wife and daughter. I'm going to the room. I'm going to the room. There are some. How those children did tear about here. This bed still is fairly not. But I'm just going to work. I have walked a little and thrown the tree down into the room. I don't want to go out. And I don't want to have anybody come in. So John comes. I want to go stung. I've got a rope here. I've got a rope here. I've even jiny did not find. If that woman does get out and tries to get away, I can tie her. But I forgot I could not reach far without anything to stand on. This bed will not move. I tried to lift and push it until I was lean. And then I got so angry. I bit off a little piece at one corner. But it hurt my teeth. Then I peel off all the paper. I could reach standing on the floor. It sticks horribly. And the pattern just enjoys it. All those strangled heads and pulled this eyes and waddling fungus gross. Just shriek with derision. I'm getting angry and up to do something desperate. To jump out the window with the admirable exercise. The bar is too strong even to try. Besides, I wouldn't do it. Of course not. I know well enough that the step like that is in favor. I might aim this in-street. I don't like to even look out of the windows. There are so many of those creeping women. They creep so fast. I wonder if they all came out of that wallpaper as I did. But I am securely fastened now by my well-pidden rope. You don't get me out of the room there. That's a close. I shall have to get back behind the pattern when it comes night. And that is hard. It is so pleasant to be out in this great room and creep around as I please. I don't want to go outside. I want even if you don't ask me to. Frouce side you have to creep on the ground and everything is green instead of yellow. But here I can creep smoothly on the floor. And my shoulder just fits into that long, smoothing around the wall. So I cannot lose my way. Why? There's John at the door. It's no usual man. You can't open it. How he does call and filmed. Now he's crying for an axe. It would be a shame to break down that beautiful door. John dear. Said I in the ginnless voice. The key is down by the front steps. Under a plantain leaf. That sounds tone for a few moments. They said very quiet and do. Open the door, my darling. I can't say that. The key is down by the front door. Under a plantain leaf. And then I said it again several times. Very gently and slowly. And said it so often that he had to go and see. And he got it of course and came in. And he stopped short by the door. What is the matter he cried for God's sake? What are you doing? I kept on creeping just the same. But I looked at him over my shoulder. I have got out at last said I in spite of you in gini. And I've pulled off most of the paper. So you can't put me back. Now why should the man have fainted? What he did? And ran across my path by the wall. So that I had to creep over him every time. I didn't know the yellow wallpaper. By Charlotte, Perkins, Gilman. You recorded the paper. All in the summer. Thomasville, Alabama. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000. October, 20, 2000.