 This is a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of that little bit of a little bit. This pretty much felt a little bit of what we are going to do I think I have a lot of my staff experience building with pups I've been very proud to be able to upload something, and it's really sicher of what coming places. It's the best way to carry t upon yourself and pull that. That's why I ought to hit him like so cheaply. And why the streets are long and tangled, which aren't lasting for me, but one expects that in marriage. John is practical in his dream. He has no patience with faith. And since horror superstition, and he's got openly at any top of things not to be felt and seen and put down in figures. John is a physician and perhaps, I would not say to a living soul of course, this is dead paper and I'd like to live to my mind. Perhaps, that there's one reason I did not get well faster. And you see, he does not believe I am sick. And what can I know? The physician and my son, he has grown blood, and he has been a human, but she has been a mother. And he knows it. He's very nothing in that of it, and he's a simple learning, and he has this profession. It's like a story of a teenager. What is going to be? My brother is also a physician. I'm also a high student. And he says the same thing. He's a very fast-paced, sort of fast-bodied, for whichever he is. And Thomas, and Jenny needs an A&E exercise, and he absolutely needs for getting it to work until I'm well-dressed. Personally, I disagree with the idea. Personally, I believe the continued, but excitedly changed, and I do need you. What is one to do? I did write for a while in spite of it. But it does, you trust me. I believe this is a slide. It helps me to recover my life. I sometimes fancy, but my condition, if I had less opposition and more society and stimulus, the John says the very worst thing I can do is think about my condition, and I confess it always makes me feel bad. So I will let it alone and talk about the house. The most beautiful place, at his quite a loan, standing well back from the road, quite three miles from the village, and makes me think of English places that you read about. But there are hedges and walls and dikes that walk, and lots of separate little houses for the gardeners and people. There's a delicious garden, and never saw such a gardener, large and shady, full of boxboarded paths, and lime with long, lit, covered artways with seats under them. There are greenhouses too, but they're all broken now. There was some legal trouble, something about the house and the car owners. But I didn't even know the place that I couldn't hear is. That spoils my door selling this sign for me. But I don't care. There's something strange about this. I can hear it. I even said so to John, and he said, but I don't know the drama. He was shocked. But he came in and he was in the drama side. I'm sure I never used to do this since then. I think it is due to his nervous condition. But John says, if I feel so, I should neglect proper self control, so I take things to control this. Before him, he said, and that makes me curious. I don't know why I thought he knew it. I want to know what he's saying, because he's looking on the ground. And how good is this? All over the window. And such goodsy old fashioned shape 0p. The John has done years. This year it says, I don't know around around around two or three days about this sign. And now we're leaving from film. ensemble as well here. From what where the current owner of the school has been identified. As far as the kingdom has passed, but still seems to be designed to do this in the middle. The community likes to surgise the community 2005 site. How can the school just geticked from that? He takes all care from me. Just so I feel appreciate him for not to die. He says, if you're so young, if I was to have a perfect rest, and all the air I could get. Your exercise depends on your strength might be there, setting, and your food somewhat on your appetite. But ever you can absorb all the time. So we took the nursery at the top of the house. It is a big airing, the whole floor in there, with windows that look all the way, and air and sunshine glow. It was nursery first, and then play room and imagination, as you judge. But the windows are violent and remote children. And there are means, things along the snow. The people people look as if a boy's school had used it. It is stripped off the paper. In great patches all around the head of my bed, about as far as I go. I never saw a little girl in the bed. And I was just flying, flying, having a pretty every artistic side. And I was just flying in the night, and I was just flying. To constantly irritate and provoke study, and when you follow the main uncertain curves, through these existence, they suddenly commit suicide, plunge off at outrageous angles, destroy themselves, and then herd of contradictions. The colour is repellent. On the short golden, a small room, I was holding un-climmed alone. The storm was easy to find. But this is a lot of fun. I don't know. I'm really hungry. I'm really hungry. There are some places. It's sickly so pretend to notice. No wonder the children painted it. I should hate it myself. I had to live in this room long. There comes joy. I must have been a little bit scared. Right away. You're thin, you're trying to get it. You're not even covered by a white. You're just outside the room. You're sitting by the window. Up in this luxurious and gorgeous. There's nothing to be in your mind. There's much of that point. It's a black stroke. John is the way I hold it. He even saw my tongue. He's chasing their serious. I'm glad my case is my serious. He's nervous. He's told us a lot to let free the press. John does not know how much I really suffered. He knows there is no reason to suffer. But that's satisfying. Of course it was only nervousness. It does weigh on me so not to do my duty in any way. I'm into these such a hope to John. Such a real rest and comfort. And here I am, a comparative burden already. No one would believe what an end of the day. It's a little bit too long to do. I'm just a little too tired. Another thing is, it is fortunate. Mary is so good with me. Such a dearly. And yet I cannot see his face. He makes me so nervous. He's so strong. He's a good John. He's never in my business life. He's a good John. He laughs at me so I've just walked out of him. Of course he needs to be sober when he's out. But afterwards he said, I was letting it get better from him. And there's nothing in his words or in more despishments. He needs to give way to such choices. They said that after the law finished his children. He needed to be pissed. And then he found when he was his wife. And then he gave up, but never the stairs. He's so hard. You know the place is doing your good. And really do it. I don't care to renovate the house just for a 3-1-2. You do that as you go down the stairs. There are such things on your own. Then you took me in his house and called me a pussy. He said, you do go down the stairs. And then he said, I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I'm going to the restaurant. I might not think about this, so this kick before the rest. I'm going to try a new one of this. There is recurrence. I've heard of this encounter. I'm going to impossible to enter a restaurant as well. In this start, it's presentations. Buddha, He filled with Items. and those are just serr and anything else everywhere. There's one little place for two breaths every night. And the eyes go all at the end of the line. And one little time at the end of the night. You just saw something just crashing into the air. And we all know how much especially when we're going to fly away from each other. And you can remember it just here. We are sitting on the ground from that side of the plane. There you go here. Oh man, you're trying to make it clear, what is this noise clear. Do you know how much noise it noise is on? This drone, this one, this zone and this hole. All alone, and the one.. For your journey this journey is for more walking Behind the East from England as well Theظer gets great in screaming off doors on the Indian poder centre! The C kolodaya shortcut looks like LEGITAR Huun Hooray When I crease here this line is always closer, than I could ever see anything left needed. Note that the churraine already guys are quite decent, my mind is erecting and hiding where the platforms in dessert get ridiculous. Though this moving here on the other way much easier than I am theisticie you hold toward come again! the most important thing is to pull it out. and then pull it out. and then pull it out. and then pull it out. and then pull it out. and then pull it out. and then pull it out. and then pull it out. and then pull it out. and then pull this hole on the left of it. and pull it out. and pull it out. and pull it out根qué. and then pull it out. and then pull it out. So, you can see the difference. There's this one, this one too. Well, the fourth of July is over. But keep on on, tired, out. John, I can't do it, just a little couple. So we just have another one, we're not sure about it. Yeah, that's nice. It's almost, it's too long. I can't see it. I can't see it. I can't see it. It's almost, it's so long. It's so long. It's so long. It's so long. It's so long. It's so long. I've had a friend who is like this, but I don't know. He just says he's just like John, but only more. So, I'm excited to see. He's such a beautiful, beautiful person. He's a powerful person. Don't feel it, it's a beautiful person. It's a good thing. Turn around and open. Yeah. I'm feeling good. It's so good. Of course, it doesn't feel good. It's so good. You know what I'm saying? John is getting too high. I'm not sure if he's getting too high. I'm sure he's good. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.超 much to the N I said Danny bought 200 years ago, it's actually not going to be fucking intense. It's fine now. It bothered me a little bit. And it slowlyambled while I'm outside. It's totally new here, but it really serious. and follow that pattern that we're not allowed to. It is as good as gymnastics I assure. I start, and I say, at the bottom, down in the corner over there, where it has not been touched. And I determine for the thousandth time that I will follow that rules, have him to some sort of a conclusion. I know a little of a pencil that is on, and I know this thing is not arranged on new laws of radiation, for alteration or repetition, all so much is anything else that I've never heard. It is written in a book that's written in a book that's written in a book that's written in a book that's written in a book that's written in a book. Looked at in one way, each bread stands a way, the bloated curves and flourishes. I kind of debase Romanesque with delirium trimmings, go wobbling up and down in isolated columns of fertility. But on the other hand, they connect diagonally, and the sprawling outlines run off in great, slanting ways up to color, like a lot of wallowing seeds and full chase. The whole thing goes horizontally too, at least at the same side. That exhaust must not be in the trimmings, the stingers, the order and the score and the direction. They have used a horizontal breath for a freeze, and that adds one deflated confusion. There is one end of the room where it is almost intact, and there, when the cross-light's fade and the loose sun shines directly at the planet, I can almost fancy radiation after all. The interminable grid tests seem to fall around the common signal, and rush off in heavy long flowing through the sky. It makes it much harder to follow it. How will I take it now, by this? I don't know why I should write this, I don't want to. I don't feel able, and I know John would think that I'm so old, but I must say that I feel that he can sunlight, it is such a relief. He never leaves me with you when you're alone. And half the time I'm happy with him, and I don't ever see much. John says I must send me his mask, and here is where to take fun of the whole, and lots of times, things to say nothing, ailing wine, ailing music. Dear John, he loves him and he deals. He hates to have himself. I tried to have a real earnest, easy way to talk with him at the day, and tell him why I wish he would let me go and make a visit to cousin Henry and Julia. But he said, I wasn't able to go. Nor able to stand it after I got there, and I did not make out a very good case for myself. When I was crying before I had finished, it is getting to be a great effort for me to think straight. Just this nervous weakness I suppose. And dear John gathered me up in his arms, and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed, and sat by me and read to me until it tired my head. He said, I was his daughter, I was comforted, and all of you had it. And that I must take care of myself for his sake, and keep well. He says, no one but myself can help me out of it. But I'm asking you, is my real and self-control, and I'm not living any silly fencing's run away with me. There's one comfort. The baby is well and happy, and does not have to occupy this immersive, with a hearted wall of paper. If we had not used it, the blessed child would have, what a fortune and escape, why I wouldn't have a child of mine and a precious little thing, live in such a room for worlds. I never thought of it before, but it is lucky that John kept me here. After all, I can stand so much easier than a baby, and see. Of course, I never mentioned it to anyone, I didn't realize. But I keep watching, but I never seen it. There are things in that paper, and nobody knows what we're in, and everybody else. Behind that outside pattern, the gym shapes get clearer every day. It's always the same shape, when we're very new. There's like a woman who's keeping down and breaking about her own pattern. I don't like it with this. I wonder how the game would be think. I wish John would take me away from here. I'm not so hard to talk to John about my taste. Because he was so wise, because he wasn't so good. But that's how he was. He was new, not. The new, shawings and all, and just he was seeing it. I hope he could see it from behind. He was so wise. All his comes in, but I'm only one more woman. John was asleep, and I hated to wake him up. So I kept staring and watched the moon while I was in the gym, and I think he was trying to stop me. I think he's thinking about how he was seeing the shake of hand. Just he's watching around. I got up soft. He's looking for people who didn't. And when I came back, John was awake. What is it, little girl, he said. Don't go walking about like that. You get cold. I thought it was a good time at all. So I told him that I really was not gay anymore. And that I wish to take me away. Why darling, I wish we'd be up in three weeks. And I can't see how to be before the repair is not done at home. And I cannot possibly tell this now. Of course, if you were in any danger, I could and would, but you really are better here. Whether you can see the night. I'm a doctor here. I know you're gaining flesh and color. The appetite is better. I thought it really, much easier about you. I thought to be a bit more said I. More is much. And my appetite may be better in the evening when you are here. But it is worse in the morning when you are awake. Less her little heart said to you with a great good heart. She shall be a sick as she pleases. But now, let's include the shining hours by going to sleep. I'll talk about it in the morning. And you won't go away. I just blew me. Why? How can I, dear? It is only three weeks more. And then we will take a nice little trip of a few days while Jimmy is getting the house ready. Really, dear. You are better. Better in body perhaps. I have a good start for it. For a set up straight and looked at me with such a stern, reproachful look that I could not say another word. My darling said who I beg of you. For my sake and for our child's sake, as well as for our own. But you will never put one instant let that idea into your mind. There is nothing so dangerous, so fascinating to a temperament like yours. It is a false and foolish fancy. Can you not trust me as a physician who I tell you so? So of course I said no more on that spot. And we went to sleep for a while. I thought I was the sweet first, but I wasn't sure. And later for hours trying to decide whether that foot pattern and that fat pattern is really good and easy to get together or separate. On a pattern like this, like they were right. There is a lack of secrets. The finds of law. There is a constant irritant to a normal mind. The color is hideous enough. And unreliable enough. And infuriating enough. Put the patterns to fortune. You think you have mastered it. But just as soon as you get well under way and following, it turns up back to summer salt and there you are. It slaps you in the face, knocks you down and truncles it from you. Just like a bad dream. The outside patterns are flawed, our best. reminding one of the funness. If you can imagine a toast to a joint. An internal astringue toast to a joint. But in this pattern, in these conditions. Why? That is something like it. There is some diamonds. There is one in the market. There is one in the market. There is one in the market. There is some changes. There is a lot of changes. In the sun, she is in the face. There is something like that. Now all these watches are the first floor. It is great there. It changes so quickly that I knew I can quite believe it. That is why I was watching this. I knew it. I knew it. I knew you were shining in all my memories of me. I didn't know what was the same paper. It was not the same paper. It was like a candlelight. It was like a candlelight. It was like a candlelight. It was like a candlelight. It was like a candlelight. It became bars. The outside pattern. In the woman behind it is a plane that is convenient. But I didn't realize for a long time. It was the show behind it. That damn sub pattern. But now I am quite sure it is a one. But I do not know what to do. Quite. I think it is a pattern that you are so strong. It is so pleasant. It keeps me quiet by the hour. All I done ever so much. John says it is good for me. I need to see all I can. He started to have it. I am looking for a while down in front of the street. It is a very bad habit I have had in the midst. For you see, I don't see it. And that cultivates the seat. If I don't tell them I am awake. Oh no. The fact is, I am getting a little afraid of John. He seems very clear sometimes. And even Jenny has an inexplicable look. It strikes me occasionally. Just as a scientific hypothesis. I have watched John and he did not know I was looking. And come into the room suddenly on the most innocent excuses. And I have caught him several times looking at the paper in 22. I caught Jenny with her hand on it once. She did not know I was in the room. And I was trying to find out. I was trying to find out. And I was trying to find out. She turned around and she had been caught in the room. And looked quite angry. As me, why I should fight myself. And then she said, I could take a stand. Everything that touched me. She had done it with me. She was like, oh my God. I am trying to find out. I have never seen anything. But I know she is studying her having. And I am determined that nobody should find out with myself. Life is so very much more exciting than it used to be. You see, I have something more to expect. To get forward to watch. I will be in a better place. And I am more quiet than it was. John is so pleased to see me here. He wanted to live here. He said, I seen him here. He needs to hide in my wallet. I turned off the wall. And I have known to him for 20 years. He was here. He was behind the wall. He would make fun of me. He might even want to take me away. I don't want to leave him on to where I found him out. There is a week more. And I think that would be enough. I am feeling ever so much better. I don't see much of night. But he is so interesting to watch the mountains. But I see the good thing about the mountains. And the mountains are just far or seen. But what is it? There are always new shapes on the funnels. And new shapes of the mountains. I can not do that. But I am trying to find the interesting stuff. And that is the strange thing. And it is going to take a cold and low thing. And that is so much better. But I am feeling the mountains. And all of them are behind. And there is something else about it. And it is so much better than the mountains. And it is so much better than the mountains. And there is so much better than the mountains. And now we have to find the mountains. And probably the wind is open or not. And it is so much better. And it is so much better than the mountains. And I am feeling the mountains. And I am feeling the mountains. And I am feeling the mountains. And I am feeling the mountains. And I am feeling the mountains. And I am feeling the mountains. And I am feeling the mountains. And I am feeling the mountains. And I have had some means of prizes. Here is that smell. Such a peculiar odor too. I have spent hours in trying to analyze it. To find what it smells. It is not bad. And it first. And very gentle. It is quite the sunnest. And most than during the ride I have rematched. And this damp weather was cold. And they got in the night and finally came over. And it used to disturb me first. And I thought seriously. I wanted to help the sun. To reach the smell. But now I am used to it. The only thing I can think of because that it is like the colour of the paper. A yellow smell. There is a very thing on the screen. There is a very thing on the screen. And I should be very, very, very. And it goes with all the colors. And it is very beautiful. And all the stars. You can see it. Is it something that you can look at? Really beautiful. I wonder how it is done. But please, I am not very beautiful. Round and round and round. Round and round and round. It makes me dizzy. I really have discovered something about this. He watches so much at night. He changes. Finally found it out. The foot pattern does new. And no wonder the woman behind shakes it. Sometimes I think about a great meaning behind it. She sometimes only wants it. She calls her her fox. And her fox shakes it all over. And then her very nice fox. She just takes her over the bars and shakes them hard. She can't see all the turns. And nobody can do that pattern. She doesn't want to say. And that's pretty good. And so many heads. They get through. And then the pattern, the string goes along. It turns them upside down. And makes it really nice. And I am going to close the head. And I think that woman did tell you the data. I'm not telling you what. I've seen her. I've seen her. I've seen her. Every woman of the windows. It is the same woman. I know. For she is always creeping. And most women do not creep by daylight. I see her on the wrong road. Under the trees. Creeping along. And when a carriage comes, she hides under the blackberry vines. I don't blame her a bit. It must be very humiliating in the concrete. And I think that's not the door. And I'm not even going to fight the lines. I can't do it at night. For I know John, it's a spec something it wants. And John is so clear now. But I don't want to irritate him. I wish you would take me there. No, I'm not going to say that. I don't know. If I reach out to that woman. I'm not going to say that. Nothing more than that. I said that. I have to go to the room where she is. The train is. This is I can't. I can't say it. I don't know what it's like. Oh, always sorry. She may be able to creep faster than I can turn. And watch her sometimes. We're all from the open country. Creeping is nasty. And I'll shout out in my high wind. I'm going to the clock tower. And we've got you all from the end. I need to try it. We don't buy you. I found out another funny thing. But I shout out this time. It's not due to trust pay for the train. But you're only the only. You are only. I believe John can hear. I don't want you to go. Can I call him this time? Why is this question called? She has a very good report to give. She's so smart. Oh, yeah. John, look. She's very good. She's very good. Oh, she's so funny. She hasn't gone. So she's a nice little guy. She's too. I think it's time to get my parents alive. You're not coming. I can't say that. She's so cute. Yeah, I'm not. She's too cute. Don't want me to ask you. She's not going to get scared. I'll put her in my eyes. But I'm always interested. But I feel sure John and Jim are secretly affected by it. Hurrah! This is the last day that it is enough. John is to stay in town overnight. And we'll be out until this evening. Jamie, I'm not going to say it when you're in the sloth room. But I told her I should undoubtedly less pepper for a night. Oh, no. That was clever. But I really wasn't alone a bit. As soon as it was moonlight and that four things began to crawl and shake the pattern, I got up and ran to help her. I pulled and she shook. I shook and she pulled. And before morning we'd peeled off yards of the paper. A strip about as high as my head and half around the room. And then when the sun came and the off of pattern began to laugh at me, I declared I would finish it today. We go away tomorrow. And they're all moving all my furniture down on time. All my time things as they were before. Jamie looked at the wall in the maze. But I told her, nearly, he got to get a pure spite of the vicious thing. She laughed and said she wouldn't mind doing it herself. But I must not get tired. How she betrayed herself that time. But I am here. And no person touches this paper but me. Not alive. She tried to get me out of the room. She was too happy. But I said it was so quiet. You think you mean I would love to leave that little lie down again. You think all I could. I'm not to wake you even for dinner. I would call her when I was a kid. So now she is gone. And the servants are gone. And the things are gone. And there's nothing left that great dead skin. And they all died. And there's nothing left that's a bad thing. Jesus, you don't see those things. You take the book home to them. Why are you enjoying it? You take the book there. Huh? How those children did tear about here. This bed still is fairly odd. But I am just going to work. I have walked away and thrown the keys. I need to go from home. I don't want to go out. And I don't want to have anybody come in. So John comes. I want to go stonish. I've got a rope here. I've even jinnied. Did not find. If that woman does get out and tries to get away, I can tie her. But I forgot I could not reach far without anything to stand on. This bed will not move. I tried to live and push it until I was lame. And then I got so angry. I bit off a little piece at one corner. But it hurt my teeth. Didn't I peel off all the paper I could reach standing on the floor? It sticks horribly. And the pattern just enjoys it. All those strangled heads and pulled this eyes and waddling fungus gross. Just shriek with derision. I'm getting angry and up to do something desperate. To jump out the window with the admirable exercise. The bar is too strong even to try. Besides, I wouldn't do it. Of course not. I know well enough that the step like that is in poverty. I might need this in-street. I don't like to even look out of the windows. There are so many of those creeping women. They creep so fast. I wonder if they all came out of that wallpaper as I did. But I am securely fastened now by my well-pidden rope. You don't get me out of the room there. I suppose I shall have to get back behind the pattern when it comes night. And that is hard. It is so pleasant to be out in this great room and creep around as I please. I don't want to go outside. I want even if you don't ask me to. Frouce side you have to creep on the ground and everything is green instead of yellow. But here I can creep smoothly on the floor. And my shoulder just fits into that long smoothing around the wall. So I cannot lose my way. Why? There is John at the door. It is no usual land, kitchen open it. How he does call and filmed. Now he is crying for an axe. It would be a shame to break down that beautiful door. John dear, said I in the ginnless voice. The key is down by the front steps. Under a plantain leaf. That sounds tone for a few moments. Then he said very quietly and deep. Open the door, my darling. I can't set eye. The key is down by the front door. Under a plantain leaf. And then I set it again several times. Very gently and slowly. And set it so often that he had to go and see. And he got his course and came in. And he stopped short by the door. What is the matter he cried? For God's sake, what are you doing? I kept on creeping just the same. But I looked at him over my shoulder. I have got out at last, said I, in spite of you in Ginny. And I pulled off most of the paper. So you can't put me back. Now why should the man have fainted? What he did? And ran across my path by the wall. So that I had to creep over him every time. And then the yellow wallpaper. By Charlotte, Perkins, Gilman. Recorded, OK. Falling low. Thomasville, Alabama. October, 20th. 2,000. 6. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha.