 This is a liver-vance recording. All liver-vance recordings are in the public domain. The more information or development here visit liver-vance.org. Prime intentions of the Supreme Court, chapter 31. Colonel Fitzroyan's manners were very much divided at the parsecaries. And the ladies off the hook and must act considerate to the pleasures of their engagements at their residence. In some days, however, before they received any invitation, liver, we wanted visitors in the house and they could not feel it. And it was not to be triggered almost a week after the gentleman's arrival. They thought they were honored by such an attention. And then they were in the air and he was in the church to come down the evening. Through the last week, they seemed very little already half of the head of the body. Colonel Fitzroyan had called with the person who had more than once found the time. But Mr. Dresy had heard of the missing attention. The invitation was accepted of course, and at a proper extent they joined the program and ready to make things going. For the ladies who received the silver thread, it was clearly fair conferred by knowing so acceptable as when she could get nobody else. And she was always in fact, almost enveloped by the nephews, speaking to them, especially with regards to it, much more than to any other person in the room. Colonel Fitzroyan seemed really glad to see them, anything was involved in the least of him at residence. And Mrs. Collins is pretty thin, had more of a cognizancy there in the office. He now seated himself by her and talks so agreeably at the pent-picture of traveling and staying at home of new books and music. But the Mr. Bethagver had been trapped so well in between the matter and before, and they conversed so much spirit and flow as to draw the attention of Lady Packer herself as well as of Mr. Dresy. His eyes had been soon repeatedly trained, but the look of curiosity, and that's a lady ship after the while shared the feeling is more openly acknowledged. But she did not speak to call out. What is that you were saying Fitzroyan? What is it you were talking about? What are you talking about, Fitzroyan? Did I make him wanna do? There's thinking of a minute. Fitzroyan, when your longer age is a huge word for thought. But the music has been crazy, people out. It is of all subjects my delight. I must have my share and the conversation for speaking to you, music. Now, if you think you were in real life, because you have more to do in dormant music than myself, all of the natural taste. If all I ever learned was really good is to wake the vision. I'm so would add, and if her help in the love of her to apply, I'm confident that she would have performed in life for me. How does she want to get on dancing? Mr. Darius, please go, pick a session at the table and you can speak to me. I'm very glad you were such a good at how hard she is. And hey, tell her to me that she cannot expect to accelerate. She does not have to succeed. I assure you, Madden, who you are fine. But she does not need such advice. She practices very constantly. So much to better, it cannot be done to your motion. When I'm explaining her, I shall try to not neglect it on any account. I often tell young ladies that no excellent music is to be acquired without constant factors. I've told Miss Bennett several times that she will never play real well unless she practices more. And then Mrs Collins has their instrument. She is very welcome as I have acted for her. To come to Rosem, every day I'm play on the piano for her, and Mrs Jenkins in the room. She would be a nobody's way you know, and that part of the house. Mr. Darcy looked a little ashamed of his aunt's bill of breeding, and made no answer. When coffee was over, Colonel Fitzwillie reminded the Elizabeth of Helving Promise to play to her. And she sat down directly to the instrument. He drew a chair near her, Lady Catherine listened to half a song, and then topped as before to her other nephew, to the latter walked away from her, and making his usual deliberation towards the piano for her. The station himself so as to command a whole view of the fair performers' confidence. Elizabeth saw what he was doing, and at the first convenient pause, turned to him with an archslile, and said, Do you mean to frighten Mr. Darcy, and make all of this state to hear me? I will not be alarmed by your sister does play so well. There is a stubbornness about me that never can dare to interpret the little others. My career has always arrived every attempt to intimidate me. I shall let say you are mistaken. Because you could not be in the league to entertain any design of a learning game. And I have had the pleasure of your acquaintance long enough, to know that you find great enjoyment in a cage to make the best of your opinions, which are in fact not your own. Elizabeth laughed her to leave this picture of herself and said to Colonel Fitzwillie, you are cousin would give you a very pretty note to your gaze, and she should not forget Elizabeth, I said, to stick with you, unwarkly, meeting with a person so able to expose my real character. In a part of the world, why I hope to pass myself off with some degree of credit? Indeed, Mr. Darcy, I did very undenirously news and mentioned all the news who like disadvantaged and hurt creature, and give me a leave to say, very in-policy, for its provoking need or retaliate, and such things may come out as we'll shock your relations to hear. I'm not afraid of you, he said, smile and smile. We're here, let me hear what you have to accuse him of. Cried Colonel Fitzwillie, I should let you know how you behave in a stranger. Well, you shall hear that, but prepare yourself for something very dreadful. The first time you had ever seen you must be over the ball, and I'll say, fall, what do you think he did? He danced only for dances. Though gentle and rescares sent him my certain knowledge, more than one young lady was sitting down in one to the partner. Mr. Darcy, you cannot deny the fact. I had not at that time the honor of knowing any lady in the assembly beyond my own party. True, and nobody can ever be introduced in a ballroom. Well, for no fits William, what do I play next? My fingers wait your orders. Perhaps, Sir Darcy, I should have judged better had I sought an introduction, but I'm ill qualified to recommend myself to strangers. Shall we ask your cousin a reason of this? Said a whist of it, still a dozen Colonel Fitzwillie. Shall we ask him a fly-a-matter sense in education, who's lived in the world, is ill qualified to recommend himself to strangers? Well, I can answer your question, Sir Patone, without applying to him, because he will not give himself the trouble. I certainly have not the talent which some people possess, Sir Darcy, of conversing easily with those I have never seen before. I cannot catch their tone of conversation or appear interested in their concerns without offensive done. My fingers, Sir Elizabeth, do not move over this instrument in the masterly manner, which I see so many women's do. They have not the same force of rapidity and do not produce the same expression, but they might have always supposed it to be my own fault. Because I will not take the trouble of the fact of saying, it is not that I do not believe my fingers as capable as any other woman's superior execution. Darcy's smile, and said, you are perfectly right. You, who employed your time much better, no one admitted to the privilege of hearing you can think anything, wanting. We neither have us performed to strangers. Here they were interrupted by Lady Catherine, who called out to know what they were talking of. Elizabeth immediately began playing again. Lady Catherine approached and after listening for a few minutes, said to Darcy, you miss been it would not by all of this because she practiced more. I could have the advantage of the London master. She has a very good her fingers are changing, you could pay for it, they are not equal to him. And would it be the light that the former had her help allowed her to learn? Elizabeth looked at Darcy to see how cordially he had sent it to his cousin's praise. But neither at that moment nor did any other, could she discern any symptom of love. And from the whole of his behavior to Mr. Board, she derived this comfort from his being late. That he might have been just as likely to know her, that she been his reaction. Lady Catherine continued her remarks on Elizabeth's performance, mixing them with many instructions on execution and faith. Or does it have received the moment before Darcy's civility, and at their request of the gentleman, remained at the instrument to her Lady Ships' turn and was ready to take the wrong moment. End of chapter 31, read by Christ in the Holy, Tokyo Japan November 7, 2005. This is a little bit more to the foresh. All children who got to the foresh in the past and late. A more information or to volunteer, please visit the iibrivoct.co. This reading by Christ on the issue, why are you unfettering? I train at the school, chat with the children. Leave the city by herself for that's more. And later the jay, while this is calling to the real, I've got one business into the village, but you start by reading the door, the serving city of the visitor. As she has heard the old carriage, she thought it looked a wise, can feel a little capitol. And on that apprehension of putting away her half-pitched letter, that she might have escaped from her third letter. The leader, and her very, very high, used to don't say that those in the hands of the girl. He seemed to think you made him so young, that the tinha to speak enough and...'d it be for a mother... And theного Möglichkeiten distribution by Cherlých, right here! He'sمرly and a competitor! The river gings the same territory as that of her. Isn't that so, Malay? And 1p on the floor, doctor. And when they get Despice, they're top two from her first death. That was a tenest son. And they didn't have a certain arrogance, and why the hell? I think he is too old, what he would say and he's not just a bad taste, but he's a good, he's a good, perfect, he's suddenly in the age of the same energy blackhead under the bed of the darkness. But must have been a must have been real as a wise thing, so he's the thing to see all of him in some serious, two times a flat, white, he went from a taste experience. He and his sister were well, I hope, when he was lonely, 30 years ago, but I was... he found a piece to see the lower the lower, but I was the short, so I think, I think he would have understood that he was the feeling that he would have not had a feeling that he would have had a feeling that he would have never heard of. I've never heard he's say, but if it's probable until later than dead, he could have just turned down in the future. He has many things, and he's at a time of life when flames and engagements are continually increasing. If he means to be about to be killed, never fear. If it would be better for the neighbour who should give up the place in time, but then we went, possibly get a circle coming there, but perhaps we should have been that they didn't want to take the house, so much that we can do it to the neighbour, that's what he's doing, and we must expect him to keep it or could it, on the same thing. I should not be surprised if he would give it off if he is any eligible person. And if he would have made no idea, he would have made a terrible long and strange. And having nothing else to say, but now the killing is the trouble of finding such a thing. He took me and walked around and threw me down there, and he just seemed very comfortable. Yeah, Lady Catherine, I believe, with great fears. I know that I'm not going to find her. I believe she did, and sure she could not have bestowed her kindness on a more grateful object. Mr. Collins appears to be very fortunate in his choice of a wife. This indeed, his friend may well know that his wife is a good person. He may have a good choice, and he is having met with one of the very few sense of honour who have accepted. Or may he have the best of her. My friend has an excellent understanding. One, not certain of us are going to have her marry with the colours of the more isus. He seems to have a good personality, however, and in a good way, the character is certainly very good match for her. It must be done, we are very vulnerable to her, but she started with a very serious, very serious, could you understand that I'm an internal girl and she does Robin Hood to sehen out her own feelings. And she does her darling old As he spoke in short of smile which on his back fangs he killed the spirit. He must be supposedly ready to take him a jay and never be out. And she blushed as she asked her. I do not mean to say that a woman may not be said it to her friend. The fatherly man must be wiser. And depend on name then circumstances. Wherever it is important, men's speech is suddenly unimportant. This is because he is no evil. But that's not true. Mr. and Mrs. Collins have a comfortable name come. But not so good one is well-a-live three-point journeys. And I persuaded my friend not for the same year, family, underless than part. Mr. Darcy will be a chair and a partner. And said, you cannot have a right to start from very strong load that would, you cannot have a boss being a normal. And this would look surprised. He felt the spirit and the change of fear. He blew back fire to the young man's level. And Blastly over it said in a cold of voice, I plead with Kent, the short violent and subject of the country is here. I will wait to cite the harm and peace out. And soon put an end to anybody in terms of Charlotte and her sister, just returned from the her war. The tetatect surprised them. Mr. Darcy related them to stake which an occasion is including on Miss Bennett and after sitting a few minutes longer without saying much to anybody when it's away. What can be the meaning of this at Charlotte, soon as he was called, my dear, a loser he must be in love with you. Or he would never call me a loser. But go you listen to what I said. It did not come to the end, even the child. In the past. But after Terry's funeral, they could have lost a youth. But they could have lost a youth. It was the war for the whole time. It was the old days that came over. When they saw those late men, what some billion-tamer, the gentleman took the war in the middle of it. And the men for the past, all the flagged with the people of the world, all the people who lived in it, two common fellas took patients with this tear of war from their darkness every day. They called it very time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. But they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. And they called it a time to learn from the past. Especially that they were just pieces. And they were the parents. Step by step. But she offered her to whether they were not at the mentioned. And sometimes she didn't think that she was a mother. She had wanted to fight suggested to me. Because the ability to be a conscious child. But they would love them and they would not be a mother. And they would not be a mother. And they would say, come to the very very very much. And they should be like a mother. And they would be a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And they would always be like a mother. And oh I'm so happy. And you would always be like a mother. And it was you. Why didn't you make it I like, And they called me, if she did that, and they also let you steal that. Yeah, lusty日 long.เลmma is always played with you. You are waiting for me just to taste it. And it's not that because you stop the invention. I don't know anything, I don't know anything. I don't know anything, I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I'm like singing, I just don't want to. I'm like... MEPLEENT SicipIontin... I can eat anything. off and leave. Why is it you do cause we are going to ignore? You go and wear everything. It's you doing things I show you.. while I will just Similarly our life is going to be where now to do anything else. While every time we have two of us and then she's going to get in the water. And then she's going to get in the water. And then she's going to get in the water. She's going to get in the water. And then she's going to get in the water. And then she's going to get in the water. And then she's going to get in the water. She's going to get in the water. She's going to get in the water. She's going to get in the water. She's going to get in the water. And she's going to get in the water. She's going to get in the water. She's going to get in the water. She's going to turn the river into a river. Unless she's going to run a cliff if she fed her hub to the paupina. And then she's going to see gin and with an uh plastic muitas Paul who helps bring all your stuff. She's going to cook another教, he's going to let you pass it and say Someours before the trip. And then when you get in the water, you're going to do your off and happen. I'm looking for something that is going to solve his scientific business. And M heraus decided that he wants to see a pe oriental Sociology here. But everyone usual players could agree with us. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying to get out of the car. I'm trying not to get it enough to get back to the car. And we should add the piece right here. I feel non lumped and cosier because I'm in pain. I should the shoe gravity get right there. I don't need to rep watch the shoes. Into myике. Now I can see that we're working on it. I never heard any of her do feel for me. I don't get say she wanted me to get to know her. She's a very big thing. She's a very good woman. She's a good woman. Why can't you tell me you're saying that you know her? I know the mother. She's that mother. It's a pleasure to gently and that kind. She's a great thing to do. Oh yes. She's a great woman. She's the daughter. She's a woman who's very close to being a woman. And takes it to digest the entire woman. Here at him, yes, I really believe he does take care of him in those points where he loads points to her. From something that he told me in our journey together, I am reason to feel being very much indebted to him. But I want to make his pardon. I have no right supposed to be where he was the person known. It was all conjecture. What is it that you mean? It's a circumstance which does he would not wish to be genuinely known. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't remember that I have not much money to be with the party. But what you told me is merely this. But you congratulate yourself. I mean, I don't know. But without meant to make it. So it's a shame that I'm not going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. And I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I'm going to step up with you. I do not see what might Mr. Darcy had to decide on the idea of his cleansing finish. All by upon his church was alone. He walked up here and got to walk around and let his head walk around. He walked up. He walked up. As we know, none of the checkpoints did not pass. He did not see what he was like. That is not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. He was not a natural seawater. Vостоiden, be There's no actual complaint nor was there any revival of cast occurrences or any communication of heavy suffer. But, you all, and then almost every line of food. There was a lot of that cheerfulness which had been used to characterize their style and which was sitting from the serenity of a mind that eases with itself and kindly disposed towards everyone. He had been scarcely ever clouded. He was about to notice every sentence conveying the idea of uneasiness with an attention which it had hardly received on the first peruse of. Mr. Darcy shamed full-boast of what misery he had been able to inflict gave her a keener sense of her sister sufferings. It was some consolation to think that his visit to Rossings was to end on the day after the next. And, a still greater that in less than a fortnight, she showed herself be with Jane again and enabled to contribute to the recovery of her spirits by all that affection could do. She could not think of Darcy's leaving Kent without remembering that his cousin was to go with him. But, Arnold was going and made it clear that he had no intention of it off. And, a real-life was she did not need to be unhappy about. While suddenly, Miss Quake, she was suddenly down by the sound of the doorbell and her spirits were a little closer to the idea of its being Colonel Fitzwilliam Mitoch who had once been called late in the evening and might now come to inspire particularly after her. But, this idea is needed and her spirit is very good for me at first when he heard other unnamed, she's on the street artsy walk into the room. In a very manner, he immediately began an inquiry after her help, impusing his visits to a rich security event. She answered him, told to go, he sat down for a few moments and then getting up, walked about the room. He looked about what surprised, but said not a word. After a silence of several minutes, he came towards her in an agitated manner and thus began. In vain, I have struggled, it will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you. Elizabeth's astonishingness was beyond expression. She stared, colored, doubting, and was silent. This, he considered sufficient encouragement and the of our all that he felt and had long felt for her immediately followed. He spoke well, but there were feelings besides those of the heart to be detailed and he was not more close to the truth than a close. His sense of her inferiority of it's being a degradation, of the family obstacles which had always opposed to inclination or dwelt on with a warmth which seemed due to the consequence he was wounding, but was very unlikely to recommend his suit. In spite of her deeply rooted dislike, she could not be insensible to the components of such a man's affection. And though her intention did not vary, she was at first, sorry for the pain you had to receive. Till, roused to resentment by his subsequent magnitude, she lost all compassion in anger. She tried, however, to compose herself to answer him with patience when he should have done. He concluded with her presenting to her the strength of that attachment which he was quite involved in encounters. He had found impossible to conquer, and with expressing his hope that it would now be rewarded by her acceptance of his hand. As he said this, she could easily see that he had no doubt of a favorable answer. He spoke of apprehension and anxiety, but his countenance expressed real security. Such a circumstance could only exasperate farther, and when he ceased, the color rose into her cheeks and she said, in such cases as this, it is, I believe, the established mode to express the sense of obligation for the sentiments about, however un-efficient they may be returned. It is natural that obligation should be felt, and if I could feel gratitude, I would now thank you. But I cannot. I have never desired your good opinion, and you have certainly been stowed it most unwillingly. I am sorry to have occasions pain to anyone. It has been most unconsciously done, however, and I hope Louis F. Horterace. The feeling which you tell me have long prevented the acknowledgement of your regard can have little difficulty in overcoming it after this explanation. Mr. Darcy, who was leaning against the man's peace with his eyes fixed on her face, seemed to catch her words with no less resentment than surprise. His complexion became pale with anger, and the disturbance of his mind was visible in every future. He was struggling for the appearance of composer and would not open his lips to the belief himself to have a secret. The cause of the same is a bad feeling, dreadful. At length, with a voice of forced calmness, he said, and this is all the reply which I am to have the honor of expecting. I might perhaps wish to be informed why with so little endeavor and stability I am not rejected, but it is of small importance. I am I as well in choir, reply she, why with so evident a desire of a feminine and a so different, you chose to tell me that you liked me against your will, against your reason, and even against your character. There's not this some excuse for instability, if I was unsyveled, but I have other provocations. No, I have. Had not my feelings decided against you, had they did the appointment or had they even did favour me? Do you think that any consideration would tend to be a second-of-man who has been the means of ruining the path forever, the heaviness of a most in love sister? As she pronounced these words, Mr. Darcy changed color, but the emotion was short, and he listened without attempting to interrupt her while she continued. I have every reason in the world to think ill of you. No motive can excuse the unjust and ungenerous part you have to bear. You dare not, you cannot deny that you have been the principal, if not the only means of dividing them from each other, of exposing one to the censure of the world for Capri's and instability, and the other to its division for disappointed hopes, and involving them both in misery of the accused kind. She paused and saw with no slight indignation that he was listening with an air which proved him wholly unmoved by any feeling of remorse. He even looked at her with a smile of affected and crudulity. Can you deny that you have done it? She repeated. Was assumed tranquility even reply? I have no wish of denying that I did everything in my power to separate my face from your sister, or that I endured my wrong path. To her, to her, to her, to him, I have been kinder than towards myself. Look at that disdain the appearance of noticing this similar reflection, but it's mean and did not escape. Nor was it likely to conciliate him. But it is not merely this affair. She continued. On which my dislike is found it. One before it had taken place, my attenement of you was decided. Your character was unfolded in the recital which I received many months ago from Mr. Wickham. On this subject, what can you have to say? In what imaginary act of friendship can you hear defend yourself, or under what misrepresentation can you hear and pose upon others? You take an eager interest in that gentleman's concerns, said Darcy, in a less tranquil tone, and with a heightened color. Who that knows what his misfortunes have been can help feeling an interest in him? His misfortunes repeated Darcy contemptuously. Yes, this misfortune has been great indeed. And of your inflection, pride Elizabeth with energy, you have reduced him to his present state of poverty, comparative poverty. You have withheld the advantages which you must know to have been designed for him. You have deprived the best years of his life of that independence which was no less his due than his dessert. You have done all this, and yet you can treat the mention of his misfortune with contempt and ridicule. And this, cried Darcy, and she walked with quick steps across the room. Is your opinion of me? This is the estimation in which you hold me. I thank you for explaining it so fully. My fault, according to this calculation, are heavy indeed, but perhaps, at a key stopping in his walk and turning the war turtleneck. These offenses might have been overlooked. Had not your pride in first by my honest confession of the scribbles that had long prevented my forming any serious design. These, as you may have been surprised, had I with greater policy concealed my struggle, and flatter you into the belief of my being in hell but unqualified, unalloyed in collenation. By reason, by recession, by ambition. But disguise of every source of my appearance. Nor am I ashamed of the feelings that related, they were natural and just. Could you expect me to rejoice in the inferiority of your connections? To congratulate myself on the hope of relations whose condition in life is so decidedly beneath my own. It was the best felt herself growing more angry every moment. Yet she tried to the utmost. This is the closure, when she said, you are mistaken, Mr. Darky. If you suppose that the mode of your declaration affected me in any other way, then as it spared the concern which I might have felt in refusing you had you behave in a more gentle and mic-manor. She saw him start at this, but he said nothing. You could not have maybe offered up your hand in any possible way that would have tempted me to accept it. Again, has astonishment was obvious, and he looked at her with an expression of mingled in creduity and mortification. She went on. From the very beginning, from the first moment I may almost say, of my acquaintance with you, your manners impressing me with the fullest belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfishness dain for the feelings of others were such as to form the groundwork of this affirmation on which succeeding events have built so immovable I dislike. And I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry. You have said quite enough, madam, I perfectly comprehend your feelings, and have now only to be ashamed of what my own have been. Forgive me for having taken up so much of your time, and accept my best wishes for your health and happiness. And with these words he hastily left the room, and he lives above her in the next moment, opened the front door and quit the house. The two more brothers remind was now painful and great. She knew not how to support herself, and from acting with this set down and crying for half an hour. First punishment, as she reflected on what had passed, was increased by every review of it. That she should receive an offer of marriage from Mr. Dock, that he should have been in love with her for so many months. So much in love as to wish to marry her inside of all the objections which had made him prevent his friends marrying her sister, and who must appear at least with equal force in his own case, was almost incredible. It was gratifying to have inspired unconsciously to draw me back. But his pride, to the vulnerable pride, his shameless resolve of sudden head down with respect to change. His arms are more apparent than actuality, so he could not justify it, and the unfeeling manner in which he had mentioned Mr. Wycomt. His cruelty towards whom he had not attempted to deny. Soon overcame the pity, which the consideration of his attachment had for a moment, excited. She continued in very agitated reflections till the sound of the baby's pattern, so he named her to allow her sister to go as far as found as subtle observation, and hurried her away to her room. And of chapter 34. Chapter 35. Elizabeth also works the next morning to the same thought and meditation which had at length close to eye. She could not yet recover from the surprise of what had happened. It was impossible to think of anything else, and totally in this pose for employment. She resolved to master breakfast, to indulge herself in air and exercise. She was proceeding directly to her favorite walk when the recollection of Mr. Darcy's sometimes coming mass stopped her, and instead of entering the park, she turned up the lane, which led farther from the turn-tight road. The park pailing was still the boundary on one side, and she soon passed one of the gates into the ground. After walking towards three times along that park, it's a rain she was tempted by the closeness of the morning to stop at the gates and look into the park. The five weeks which she had now passed in Kent had made a great difference in the country, and every day was adding to the verner of the early trees. She was on the point of continuing her walk when she caught a glimpse of a gentleman within the sort of grove which edged the park. He was moving that way and fearful of it's being Mr. Darcy, she was directly retreating. But the person who had advanced was now near enough to see her and stepping forward with eagerness pronounced her name. She had turned away, but on hearing herself called, though in a voice which proved it to be Mr. Darcy, she moved again towards the gate. He had by that time reached it also, and holding out a letter which she instinctively took, said, with a look of hotly composure. I have been walking in the grove sometime in the hope of meeting you. We'll need to immediately honor our reading that letter, and then with a slight bow, turned again into the plantation and was soon out of sight. With no expectation of pleasure but with the strongest curiosity, he was about to open the letter, and to her still increasing wonder to see if an envelope containing two sheets of letter paper written quite through in a very close hand. The envelope itself was likewise full. Pursuing her way along the lane, she then began. It was dated from Rosy, at A to Clock in the morning. And was, as follows. The inaugural arm matters on receiving this letter by the apprehension of its containing any repetition of those sentiments or renewal of those offers, which were last night, so disgusting to you. I write without any intention of painting you or humbling myself by dwelling on wishes, which, for the happiness of both, cannot be too soon forgotten. And the effort, which the formation and the perusal of this letter must have paid should have been spared, had not in my character required it to be written and read. You must, therefore, pardon the freedom with which I demand your attention. Your feeling, I know, will be still it unwillingly, but I demanded of your justice. Two offenses of a very different nature, and by no means of equal magnitude, you last night laid to my charge. The first mention was that regardless of the sentiments of either, I had detached Mr. Bingley from your sister, and the other that I had in defiance of various claims, in defiance of honor and humanity, ruined the immediate prosperity and blasted the prospects of Mr. Wickham. Willfully and once in one, to have thrown off the companion of my youth, the acknowledged favor of my father. A young man who had scarcely any other dependence then on our patronage, and who had been brought up to a special exertion, would be a depravity to which the separation of two young persons, whose affection could be the growth of only a few weeks, could bear no comparison. But from the severity of that blame, which was last night, so liberally distilled, affecting each circumstance. I shall hope to be in the future secured when the following account of my actions and their motives has been read. If in the explanation of them, which in due to myself, I am under the necessity of relating feelings which may be offensive to yours, I can only say that I am sorry. The necessity must be obeyed, and further apology would be absurd. I had not been long and hurt for sure before I saw, in common with others, that Bingley preferred your elder sister to any other young woman in the country. But it was not till the evening of the dance at Netherfield, that I had any apprehension of his feeling of serious attachment. I had often seen him in love before. At that ball, while I had the honor of dancing with you, I was first made acquainted by Sir William Lucas' accidental information. That Bingley is attention to your sister had given rise to a general expectation of their marriage. He spoke of it as a certain event, of which the time alone could be undecided. From that moment, I observed my friends behavior attentively, and I could then perceive that his partiality for misvenant was beyond what I had ever witnessed in him. Your sister I also watched. Her look and manners were open, cheerful, and engaging as ever, but without any symptom of regard. And I remained convinced from the evening scrutiny that though she received his attention with pleasure, she did not invite them by any participation of sentiment. This year has not been the same yet. I must have been an error. Your superior knowledge of your sister must make the latter probable. If it be so, if I have been misled by such error to inflict tear on her, your resentment has not been unreasonable. But I shall not screw fool to a servant that the serenity of your sister's countenance and error, was such as my test given the most acute observable, a conviction that, however, Amy and Bo are tempered. For heart was not like a serenity and retouch. That I was desired thus believing her indifferent is certain. But I will venture to say that my investigation and decisions are not usually influenced by my hopes or fears. I did not believe her to be indifferent because I wished it. I believed it on impartial convictions, as truly as I wished it in reason. My objections to the marriage were not merely those which I last night acknowledged to have the utmost force of passion to put aside in my own case. The want of connection could not be so great and evil to my friend as to me. But there were other causes of repudence, causes which, though still existing, and existing to an equal degree in both instances, I had myself endeavored to forget, because they were not immediately before me. These causes must be stated, though briefly. The situation of your mother's family, though objectionable, was nothing, in comparison to that total want of propriety so frequently. So almost uniformly be trade by herself, by your three younger sisters, and occasionally even by your father. Pardon me, it pains me to offend you, but amidst your concern for the defects of your nearest relatives and your displeasure at this representation of them, let it give you consolation to consider that to have conducted yourselves so as to avoid any share of the like-sensher, is praised unless generally bestowed on you and your elder sister, then it is honoured to the sense and disposition of both. I will only say that from what passed that evening, my opinion all parties was confirmed, and every inducement heightened, which could have led me before to preserve my friend from what I esteemed a most unhappy connection. He left another field for London on the day following, as you I am certain remember, with the design of soon returning. The part which I acted is now to be explained. His sisters unasiness had been equally excited with my own. Our coincidences were feeling was soon discovered, and a like-sensable that no time was to be lost in detaching their brother. We shortly resolved on joining him directly in London. We accordingly went, and there I readily engaged in the office of thinking out to my friend the certain evils of such a choice. I described and enforced them earnestly. But, however this Roman stance might have staggered or delay his determination, I do not suppose that it would ultimately prevent the marriage, had it not been seconded by the assurance that I hesitated not having of your sister's different. Had before, we would have turned to return his affection with sincere, if with equal regard. But, Bingley has great natural modest with a stronger dependence on my judgment than on his own. Sucan was there for that he had deceived himself, but no very difficult time. To persuade him against returning into hurt for sure, when that conviction had been given, was scarcely the work of a moment. I cannot blame myself for having done much. There is, but one part of my conduct is whole affair on which I do not reflect the satisfaction. It is that I convented to adopt the measures of art so far as to conceal from him your sister's being in town. I knew it myself, as it was known to Miss Bingley, but her brother is even yet ignorant of it. That they might have met without ill consequences, perhaps probable, but his guard did not appear to me. Nothing changed, but him to see her without some danger. Perhaps this settlement this ties was beneath me, this is done however, and it was done for the best. On the subject, I have nothing more to say, no other apology to art. If I have room for sister's things, it was unknowingly fun. And though the motives which governs me, you very naturally appear insufficient, I have yet learned to condemn them. With respect to the other, more wavy accusation of having injured Mr. Wickham, I can only refuse it, begging before you the whole of his connection with my family. Oh, but he is quite clearly accused me, I am your head. But of the truth of this story, I can summon more than one with a vindicated veracity. Mr. Wickham is the most very respectable man, at the time many bears the management of all the Pemberliest states, and who is good enough in the discharge of his trust naturally inclaimed my father to be a divist him. And on George Wickham, who was got some misleadness there deliberately bestowed. My father supported him at school, and afterward came bridge. Most important assistance to his own father, always for from the extravagance of his wife, would have been unable to give him a gentleman's education. My father was not only fun, he was young man, society, whose manners were always engaging. He had also the highest opinion of him, and hoping the church would be his profession intended to provide for him. As for myself, it has many, many years since I first began to think of him in a very different manner. The vicious propensity, the one that was principal, which he was careful to guard from the knowledge of his best friend, could not escape the observation of a young man at nearly the same age with himself. And he had also, of the unguarded moments, which Mr. Darcy could not. Here again, I shall give you pain, to what degree you only can tell. But, whatever may be the sentiments which Mr. Wickham has created. A suspicion of their nature shall not prevent me from unfolding his real character. It adds even another motive. My excellent father died about five years ago, and his attachment to Mr. Wickham was to the last, so steady that in his will he particularly recommended it to me, to promote his advancement in the best manner that his profession might allow. And if he took orders, desire that a valuable family living might be his as soon as it became vacant. There was also a legacy of £1,000. His own father did not long survive mine, and within half a year from these events, Mr. Wickham wrote to inform me that having finally resolved against taking orders, he hoped I should not think it unreasonable for him to expect some more immediate, pecuniary advantage, in lieu of the performance by which he could not be benefited. He had some intention he added of studying law, and I must be aware that the interest of £1,000 would be a very insufficient support for it. I rather wished than believe him to be sincere, but at any rate was perfectly ready to exceed his proposal. I knew that Mr. Wickham ought not to be a clergyman. The business was therefore soon settled. He resigned all claim to assistance in the church, where it possible that he could ever be in a situation to receive it, and accepted in return 3,000 pounds. All connection between us seemed now dissolved. I thought too ill of him to invite him to temporarily, or admit his society in town. In town I believe he chiefly lived, but his studying the law was a mere pretense, and being now free from all restraint his life was a life of idolness and dissipation. For about three years I heard live a look at him, but on the deceased of the incumbents of the living which had been designed for him, he applied to me again by letter for the prison. His circumstances he assured me, and I had no difficulty in believing it, or exceedingly bad. He had found the law a most untrothable study, and was now absolutely resolved on being a game, if I would present him to the living in question, of which he trusted there could be little doubt, as he was well assured that I had no other person to provide for, and I could not have forgotten my revered father's intentions. He will hardly blame me for refusing to comply with this intriguing, or for resisting every repetition to it. His resentment was in proportion to the distress of his circumstances. And he was doubtless as violence and his abuse of me to others, as in his reproaches to myself. After this period, every appearance of acquaintance was dropped. How he lived, I know not, but last summer he was again most painfully obtruded on my notice. I must now mention a certain stance, which I would wish to forget myself, and which no obligation less than the peasant could induce me to unfold to any human being. Having said thus much, I feel no doubt of your safety. My sister, who is more than 10 years my junior, was left to the garden in Chicago, my mother's nephew, Colonel Fitzgulium, and myself. About a year ago, he was taken from school, and established a woman for her in London, and last summer she went with the lady who presides over it to downstairs, and did their also went to listen, undoubtedly by the mind. For their food, she has been a higher acquaintance between him and Miss Yon, and whose character we were most unhappy to see. And by her husband and A, who so far recommended himself to Georgiana, who's affectionate part, retain the strong impression of her kindness to her as a child. That she was persuaded to bereave herself in love, and to consent to any loatmets. She was then but 15, which must be her excuse. And after stating her impudence, I am happy to add, that I owed the knowledge of it to herself. I joined them unexpectedly, a day or two before the end can be looked. And then Georgiana, unable to support the idea of breathing and offending a brother, who she almost looked up to as a father, acknowledged the whole new man as in what I felt, and how I acted. Regarding for my sister's credit and feelings, he then today public exposure, but I wrote Mr. Winkham who left the place immediately, and Miss Yon was of course removed from her child. Mr. Winkham's chief object was unquestionably my sister's fortune, which is 30,000 pounds, but I cannot help supposing that the hope of revenge itself on me was a strong and beautiful. Because revenge would have been complete indeed. This, that um, is a faithful narrative of every event in which we have been concerned together. And if you do not absolutely reject it as false, you will, I hope, a quick and henceforth, a pill of poor and poor. I know not, in what manner, under what form a falsehood he has imposed on you. But his success is not perhaps to be wondered that. Ignorant as you previously were of everything concerning either, detection could not be in your power, and suspicion certainly not in your inclination. You may possibly wonder why all this was not told you last night, but I was not then master enough of myself to know what could or ought to be revealed. For the truth of everything here related, I cannot appeal more particularly to the testimony of Colonel Fitzwilliam, who, from our near-relationship and constant infancy, and still more as one of the exact tutors of my father's will, has been unavoidably acquainted with every particular of these transactions. If your importance of me should make my assertions valueless, you cannot be prevented by the same cause from confiding in my cousin. And that there may be the possibility of consulting him for a shallow and delicate find some opportunity of putting his letter in your hands in the course of the morning. I will only add God bless you. Fitzwilliam Darcy End of chapter 35 Recorded on November 12, 2005 in Oceanside, California. This is a Libri box recording. All Libri box recordings are in the public domain, but more information on how to volunteer, please visit libribox.org. Recording by Sherry Crowther Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen, chapter 36 If Elizabeth, when Mr. Darcy gave her the letter, did not expect it to continue renewal with his offers, she had formed no expectation at all of its contents. But such as they were, it may well be supposed how eagerly she went through them and what a contrary of emotion they excited. For feelings that she read were scarcely to be defined. With amazing did she first understand that he believed any apology to be in his power and steadfastly was she persuaded that he could have no explanation to give, which a just sense of shame would not conceal. With a strong prejudice against everything he might say, she began his account of what had happened at another field. She read with an eagerness which hardly left her power of comprehension and from impatience of knowing what the next sentence might bring was incapable of attending to the sense of the one before her eyes. His belief of her sisters in sensibility she instantly resolved to be false and his account of the real, the worst objections to the match, made her too angry to have any wish of doing him justice. He expressed his belief that what he had done which satisfied her, his style was not hinting, but thought he, it was all pride in his feelings. But when this subject was succeeded by his account of his joquette, when she read with somewhat clear attention a relation of events which, if true, must overthrow every cherished opinion of his worth and which poor soul alarming and affinity to his own history against self, per feelings for yet more acutely painful and more difficult of definition, astonishment, apprehension and even poorer of pastures. She wished to discredit it entirely, repeatedly explain. This must be false, this cannot be, this must be the grossest falsehood, and when she had gone through the whole letter, those scaredfully knowing anything of the letter to the truth, but it feasts to be a way, because that's focusing that she would not regard it, that she would never look at it again. In this perturbed state of mind, with thoughts that could rest on nothing, she walked on, but it would not do. In half a minute the letter was unfolded again, and collecting herself as well as she could, she again began the mortifying ferusal of all that related to Wickham, and commanded herself so far as to examine the meaning of every sentence. The account of his connection with the Pemberley family was exactly what he had released itself. And the kindness of the Lord Mr. Garcin, though she had not before known its extent, agreed equally well with his own words. So far each recital confirmed the other, but when she came to the will, the difference was great. What Wickham had said of the living was fresh in her memory. And as she was called for fairy words, he was impossible to feel for fairy's grossed to placate on one side or the other, and for a few moments. She flooded herself that her wishes did not air. But when she read and rewed with the closest attention, the particular immediately followed of Wickham's residing all contingents of the living. Of his receding in new, so considerable of some as £3,000. Again, she was forced to hesitate. She put down the letter, weighed every circumstance with what she meant to be impartiality. Deliberated on the probability of each statement, but with little success. On both sides it was only a assertion. Again, she read on, but every line proved more clearly that the affair, which she had been indebted in possible that in contrivens could so represent. As Tarendra missed it, R.C.'s conduct in it less than infamous, was capable of a turn which was completely entirely harmless throughout the board. The extravagance and general publicacy, which he scrupled not to lay at Mr. Wickham's charge, exceedingly shot her. The more so as she could bring no proof of its injustice, she had never heard of him before his entrance into the Shah of Mimlisha, in which he had engaged at the persuasion of the young man, who, on meeting him accidentally in town, had there renewed a slight acquaintance. Of his former way of life, nothing had been known in hard-feature, but Wickham told himself, as to his real character, had information been in her power. She had never felt a wish of inquiring. His countenance, voice, and manner had established a map once in the possession of every virtue. She tried to recollect some instance of goodness, some distinguished trait of integrity or benevolence that might rescue him from the attack of Mr. Darcy, or at least by the pre-dominant of virtue, atone for those casual errors under which she could endeavour to class what Mr. Darcy had described as the idleness and vice of many years' opinion. But no such recollection would be friended her. She could see him instantly before her in every charm of error and address, but she could remember no more substantial good than the general approbation of the neighborhood, and the regard which his social powers had gained him in the mess. After pausing on this point a considerable while, she wants more attention to me, but a last, the story which followed, as his designs are starting to sink. We seek some confirmation from what had passed between Colonel Fitzwalium and herself only the morning before, and at last she was referred for the truth of every particular to Colonel Fitzwalium himself, from whom she had previously received the information of his near concern in all his cousins affairs, and whose character she had no reason to question. At one time she had almost resolved on applying to him, but the idea was checked by the awkwardness of the application, and at length wholly banished by the conviction that Mr. Hardercy would never have hazarded such a proposal, he had not been well assured of his cousin's corroboration. She perfectly remembered everything that had passed in conversation between Wickham and herself in their first evening at Mr. Philips. Many of his expressions were still fresh in her memory. She was now struck with the impropriety of such communications to a stranger, and wonder it had escaped her before. She saw the indelicacy of putting himself forward its here done, and the inconsistency of his professions with his conduct. She remembered that he had both did of having no fear of seeing Mr. Hardercy, that Mr. Hardercy must leave the country, but that he should stand his crown. Yet he had avoided the never-heal balls of their next key. She remembered also that till the never-heal family had put it the country, he had told the story to no one but herself, but that after the removal it had been everywhere discussed, that he had then no reserves, no scruples in sinking Mr. Garcy's character, though he had assured her that respect for the father would always prevent his exposing the sun. How differently did everything now appear in that he was concerned? His attention to his king were now the consequence of views solely and hatefully mercenary, and the mediocrity of her fortune proved no longer the moderation of his wishes, but his eagerness to grasp anything. His behavior to herself could now have had no tolerable motive. He had either been deceived with regard to her fortune, or had been gratifying his sanity by encouraging the preference, which she believed she had most in caution for the show. Every lingering struggle in his favor grew a painter and painter. And in further justification, Mr. Garcy, she could not put a lounge in the prison when questioned the dream, had long ago asserted his blamelessness in the affair. That prowd and repulsed as what his manners, she had never in the full force of their acquaintance, and acquaintance which had later be brought them much together, and given her a sort of intimacy with his ways, seen anything that betrayed him to be un-principled or unjust. Anything that spoke him of ear-religious or immoral habits, that among his own connections, he was a scheme and valued. That even William had allowed him merit as a brother, and that she had already read and spoke so affectionately of his sister as the proof him provable of some emiable feeling. That had his actions been what Mr. Wickham represented them, so gross of violation of everything right could hardly have been seen above the world, and that friendship between a person capable of it, and such an annual demand of Mr. Bingham worked in temper-conservable. She grew absolutely ashamed of herself, of neither Darcy nor Wickham could she think without trying she had been blind, partial, prejudiced, absurd. How despicablely I have acted, she cried, I, who have prided myself on my discernment, I, who have valued myself on my abilities. From herself to Jane, from Jane to Bingley, her thoughts were in a line, which soon brought to her recollection that Mr. Darcy's explanation there had appeared very insufficient, and she read it again. Why the different was the effect of the second perusal? How could she deny that credit to his assertions in one of the things that she had been obliged to figure out together? He declared himself to be totaled in unsuspicious of her sister's attachment, and she could not help remembering what charlets a payment had always been. Neither could she deny the justice of his description of Jane. She felt that Jane's feelings, though fervent, were little displayed, and that there was a constant complacency in her affair and manner, not often he rented with great sensibility. When she came to that part of the letter in which her family were mentioned, in terms of such mortifying, yet married to reproach, her sense of shame was simply. The justice of the tribe struck her too fastfully for denial, and the circumstances to which you particularly alluded as having passed as the number three call, and is confirmed all this first and third. Could not have made a storm and question her with mine been on her. The compliment to herself and her sister was not unfelc, it seemed, but it could not consolver for the contempt which had thus been self-attracted by the rest of her family, and as she considered that Jane's disappointment had in fact been the work of her nearest relations, and reflected how materially the credit of both must be heard by such impropriety of conduct. She felt depressed beyond anything she had ever known. Given wing to every bride you thought, reconsidering events, determining how the bill of yours and reconciling herself as well as she could, to a change so sudden and so important, the tea in a recollection of the long pieces made her at length with her home, and she entered the house with the wish of her very true and unusual, and the resolution of the present such reflections as an ostamil for unficture conversation. She was immediately told that the two gentlemen from rosins had each call to her absence, Mr. Garsey only for a few minutes to take leave, but that Colonel Fitzwilliam had been sitting with them at least an hour, hoping for her return, and almost resolving to walk after her till she could be found. Elizabeth could but just affect concern in the city. She really did go to her home to tell her that all of her own daughter was injured. She could have been on the throne record. And of chapter 36. Chapter 37. The two gentlemen left rosins the next morning, and Mr. Garsey's having been in waiting near the lodges to make them his parting obeisances, was able to bring home the pleasing intelligence of their appearing in very good health and in a tolerable spirit as the previous. After the marvellous killing, so lately gone through at rosins, the rosins he then hastened to console Lady Catherine and her daughter. In our history, turn brought back with great satisfaction and message from her leadership, importing that she self herself so dull as to make her very desired of having them all to dying with her. Elizabeth could not see the character with the opportunity for her to be found. She might find this time have been presented to her as her future niece. And I could she think that by the smile of what her Lady ship's indignation would have been. What would she have said, how would she have behaved, with questions with which she and Mr. South. The first subject was the delimitial of rosins. I assure you I feel exceedingly said Lady Catherine. I believe no one feels the loss of friends as much as I do, but I am particularly attached to these young men and know them to be so much attached to me. They were excessively sorry to go, but so they always are. The dear crown rallied to spirit's turn or grute till just that last, but Darcy seemed to feel it more acutely. I think the last year. His attachment to rosins certainly increases. Mr. Collins had a compliment and illusion to throw in here, which were kindly smiled on by the mother and daughter. Lady Catherine was sick and couldn't let her stand on her spirit. And he nearly counted for it by herself by surprise of her children. Well, home again so soon, she added. But if that is the case, you must write to your mother and bag that you may stay a little longer. Mrs. Collins will be very glad of your company, I am sure. I am much obliged to your Lady Ship for your kind invitation replied Elizabeth, but it is not in my power to accept it. I must be in town next Saturday. Why at that rate you will have been here only six weeks. I expected to you to stay two months. I told Mrs. Collins so before you came, there can be no occasion when you are going so soon. Mrs. Bennett could certainly spare you for another four night. But my father cannot. He wrote last week to hurry my return. Oh dear father, for some spare you with your mother can. daughter may have saved my children's spirit father and if you will stay another month complete, it will be in my power to take one of you as far as London for I am going here early in June for a week. And as Dawson does not object to the brooch box, there will be very good room for one of you. And indeed if the weather should happen to be cool, I should not object to taking you both as you are neither of you large. You are all kindness ma'am, but I believe you must abide by our original plan. Lady Catherine seemed resign. Mrs. Collins must send a servant for them. You know, I always speak my mind and I cannot bear the idea of two young women traveling post-dance. It is highly improper. You must be tried to send somebody. I have the greatest dislike in the world to that sort of thing. The young women should always be properly guarded and attended, according to their situation in life. When my niece, Dr. Jim and wait to ask a last summer, I made a point of having two men circumschooled her. Mr. See the Dior, Mr. Dior See a movie, could not have been here. With propriety in a different manner, I am excessively attentive to all those things. You must send John the Young Reggie's response. I implanted a clergyman's commitment for it would be indeed discreditable to you to let them go alone. My uncle was to send a servant for us. Oh, you're uncle? He keeps a man's servant as he? I am very glad you have somebody who fits the pieces. Where shall I enter his house? Oh, wrongly, of course. If you mention my name at the belt, you will be a chandelier too. Maybe Catherine had many other questions to ask for expecting her journey and as she did not answer them all herself, a ten-changer, as it said, which Elizabeth will need to be lucky for her. Or with a mind so occupied, she might have forgotten where she was. Reflection must be reserved for solitary hours when a person was alone, she gave way to it as the greatest relief. And not a gay went by without a solitary bump in which she might indulge in all the delight of unclosing recollections. Mr. Dior See's letter she was in a fair way of soon known by heart. She studied every sentence, and her feelings towards its writer were at times wideened to her. Which she remembered the style of the dress she was still full of indigestion. But when she considered how unjustly she had condemned and upgraded him, her anger was turned against herself and lived as a pointed feelings between objects of an action. Because the dancing of British writer Tore, this general character was set, but she could not approve her, nor could she prolong it, repent or refuse of a few of the slightest of her intention at every decision. In her own past behavior, the verticals did so some relaxation and regret. And in unhappiness of the family, a subject of their heavy worship room, they were hit with the remedy. The father, contented with laughing at him, did never extort himself to the stone, the wild, given his city to his daughters, and her mother should remember so soon like that. Was inspired by an unsensitive to the human. Elizabeth had frequently united with change and in indefference, to check the importance of happening in baby. But while they were supported by their mother's indulgence, what chance could their beef of improvement? Catherine looks her to be a beautiful woman, people who have their living style, but always been a friend to her very best. In Lydia, Southland, and Kyrlis, with scarce forgiveness during her. During ignorant, idle, and daily. While there was an officer in the kitchen, with her kitchen and while marriage and was looking at the walk of London, they would be going there forever. An idea, James B. Hatt, was another prevailing concern. In Mr. Thars' explanation, by restoring the age of all her former good and evil, heightened a sense of what she had lost. His affection was proved to have been sincere and his conduct clear to all willing unless anything attached to the implicitness of his confidence in his family. How brave it is then was the thought that of a situation so desirable in every respect. So we were clamed with advantage, so promising for her happiness, being happy with deprived by the falling and indefference of her own family. During to these recollections, as carried without mental work and sculpture, it made the infinite relief of her happiness spirit, which had several different questions, and it would be the next way much of her feeling. It was so easy to be possible for her to have her taller, but in cheerful. During engagement set, Rosins were a spirit in training for last week at Rosins' state, as they met them first. The very last evening was spent there in her leadership again in fire of my neatly into the particulars of their journey, gave them directions as to the first method of packing, and was see-herging on an necessity of placing gals in the only right way that Mariah thought herself obliged on her return to undo all the work of the morning and pamphlet her to fresh. When he parted Lady Catherine for the Great Condition, wished them a good journey, and invited him to come to her hands for the game mixture, and this diverted exuded herself so far as to could see and hold out her hand to both. End of chapter 37. This is a little bit of a story, all of the pieces of the music. For more information visit www.thibob.org, recording by Sherry Kralba, try and treasure it by chance. Chapter 38. On Saturday June of the 14th, her birthday was announced in May, and it took the opportunity of paying the fighting stability in which he deemed indescribable necessary. I know not in the series of sections, whether Mrs Collins has yet to express your innocence of your kindness in front of you. But I am very certain you will not look at the house without receiving permission. But they were able to fulfill his wish that you felt I am sure you know how written various to tell Emma, how bold are plain manner of living on small rooms and few domestic and little see for her. Must no conspire to express your love to her. But I hope you will give us grateful for the condescension, and that we have done everything in our lives, and that we have spent the most of the time and pleasantly. Elizabeth was eager with her thanks and assurances of happiness. She had spent six weeks with great enjoyment, and the pleasure of being with Sherry and the kind of attention she had received must make her feel be obliged. Mr Collins was gratified and with more smiling salamids. This is gravely. We have certainly done our best, and most fortunately having it in our power to introduce you to very superior society, and from our connections with rosins, the frequent means of varying the humble home soon. I think we may thought her ourselves, but we are convinced that we could not have been entirely successful. Our situation with regard to Lady Catherine's family is indeed the sort of extraordinary advantage and blessing which view can boast. You see on what a fitting we are. You see how continually we are engaged there. In truth, I must acknowledge that with all the disadvantages of this humble personage, I should not think anyone abiding in it an object of compassion, while they are shares of our intimacy. This is a great honor for us, for insufficient consideration of his feelings. And he was obliged to walk above the room while a little bit tried to unite civility and truth in a fear of short sentences. You may in fact carry a very favorable report of us into heart for sure my dear cousin. I flatter myself at least that you will be able to do so. Lady Catherine's great attention to Mrs. Collins, you have been a daily witness of, and all together I trusted does not appear that your friend has drawn and unfortunate, but on this point it will be as well to be silent. Only letting me assure you my dear Elizabeth, that I can, for my heart, most cordially, abwish you, equal to the city in marriage. My dear Charlotte and I have put one mind and one way of thinking. There is then everything in most remarkable resemblance of character and ideas between us. In syntia in the dark red carpet. Elizabeth could safely say that it was a great happiness where that was the case, and with equals and serity could add that she shurper and relived and rejoiced in his domestic comforts. She was not sorry however to have the recital of them interrupted by the lady from whom they sprang. Poor Charlotte, it was melancholy to leave her to such society. That she had chosen with her eyes open and though evidently regretting that her visitors were to go she did not seem to ask for compassion. Her home and her house keeping her pair and her four-string and all her different groups in syntia had not yet lost their charms. At length the chase arrived, the transfer fastened on the process placed within and it was pronounced to be ready. After an affectionate parting between the friends, Elizabeth was attended to the carriage-brainister Collins, and as they walked down the garden of these conditions, with his best perspective all her family, not forgetting his thanks for the kindness he had received at Lombrand in the garden. And his father's name is Garde and Ed. He then handed her in, her eye-opped, and the door was on the point of being closed when he suddenly reminded them with some common words that bring air to the two confrontants of the any messages for the lady that rose in. But he added, you will of course wish to have your humble respects delivered to them with your grateful thanks for their kindness to you while you have been here. Elizabeth made no objection. The door was then allowed to be shut and carriage-trowed off. Good gracious cried Mariah after a few minutes silence. It seems but a day or two since they were keen and yet how many things have happened. We have died nine times at Losing. Besides drinking tea and quite a much of some aftertell, Elizabeth added pride to me and how much I shall have to conceal. The journey was performed without much conversation or any in the four hours of the day of the hospital they had reached and needed to guard yourselves. Where they were to remain if you gaze. Jane looked well and Elizabeth had little opportunity of studying her spirits and it's the various engagements which have been kindness of her and her and her reserve for them. But Jane was to go home with her and at Lombrand there would be leisure enough for observation. It was not without an effort that she could wait even for long before she told her sister of Mr. Darcy's proposals to know that she had the power of revealing what would so exceedingly astonishing and must at the same time. So highly gratifying whatever of her own then she had not yet been able to raise it away. It was such a temptation to open and as nothing could have been conquered but the state of indecision in which she remained as to the extent of which she remained and repaired if she once entered on the subject of being hurried into the city of something of danger which might only bring her sister further. End of chapter 38. Chapter 39 it was the second weekend May in which the three young ladies set out together from Grace Church Street for the time and for the church and as they drew near the approved East Largest event its carriage was to meet them. They couldn't proceed in total the performance of duality both Kitty and Lydia looking out of a dying room upstairs. These two girls had been up and hour in the place. Definitely employed visiting and up a certain number. Watch my video for a bit of an interesting faceality in the cover. After welcoming their sisters they try and could be displayed in tables that are not as much as they could be. Explaining is this not nice is not this an agreeable surprise and we need to treat you all bad at Lydia but you must let us the one we probably have just spent hours of the shock out there. Then show what her purchases look here I have bought this bonnet. I do not think it is very pretty but I thought I might as well buy it as not. I shall pull it to pieces as soon as I get home and see if I can make it up any better. And when her sisters abused it as ugly she added with perfect unpinsurrent. Oh but there were two or three much uglier in the shop and when I had bought some prettier colored satin to trim it with fresh I think it will be very tolerable. Besides it will not much signify what one wears the summer after the militia have left Meriton and they are going in a fortnight. Are they indeed creditless with great satisfaction? They are going to be happy and I do so walk a thought to take this there for the summer it would be such a delicious scheme and I do say with cost hardly anything a mile would like to go to of all things. Only think what a miserable summer else we shall have. Yes, mama Elizabeth that would be a delightful scheme indeed and completely do for us at once. Good having bright and cold cancels soldiers to us who have been overset already by one poor regiment of militia and the front wall of the mansion. Now I have got some news for you the video as they sat down at the table. What do you think? It is excellent news, capital news and about a certain person we all like. Jane and Elizabeth looked at each other and the waiter was told he'd need not stay. Lidian laughed and said, I that is just like your formality and discretion. You thought the waiter must not hear as he can care. I dared say he often hears worse things said than what I am going to say. But he is an ugly fellow. I am glad he is gone. I never saw such a wrong churning my life. Well but now for my news it is above dear Wickel. Too good for the waiter is it not? There is no danger of Wickel's marrying Mary King. There's for you. He is gone down to her uncle at Liverpool. Gone to stay. Look at his safe. And Mary King is safe out of Elizabeth. Safe from a connection included as to fortune. She is a great fool for going away if she liked him. But I am sure there is no strong attachment on either side century. I am sure there is not a hint. I will answer for it. Never cared three straws about her. Who could what such a nasty little fr�p thing? Elizabeth was shocked to think that however incapable of such courseness of expression herself the courseness of the sentiment was little other than her own breast had harbored and fancy liberal. As soon as all had ate and the elder ones pay, the carriage was ordered and had the son and five and the poor party was all their bosses and the unclosed militia of the 80s and the 80s and the 80s purchases were seated in it. How nicely we are all trapped in this right area. I am glad I bought my bond and if it is only for the front of having another bandbox. Well now let us be quite comfortable and snug and talk and laugh all the way home. And in the first place let us hear what it has. She was all since she run away. How do you see me, my cousin, man? How do you have any flirting? I was in great hopes that wouldn't you would have got a husband married back. Jane would be quite an old maid soon I declare she is almost 23. Lord how a shame that should be of not being married before 23. My aunt Philips wants you so to get husbands you can't think. She says Lizzie had better of taking Mr. Paulins and I do not think everyone has been in fun in it. Lord how I should like to be married before I need you and then I would cast her own view above the hall of all. Here in me we had such a good piece of fun the other day at her paulster. The 80 and me were just been the day there and Mrs. Paulster promised to have a little fans in the evening by the bottom of the foster me are such friends. And so she asked the two herringers to come but Harriet was killed and so ten was close to come by her and start. And then what do you think we did? We dressed up change remains in women's clothes on purpose to pass for a lady. Only think what fun. Not a soul new of it but Carl and Mrs. Paulster and Kitty and me except my aunt where we were forced to borrow one of her gowns and you cannot imagine how well he looked. When Danny and Wickham and Pratt and two or three more of the men came in they did not know him in the least. Lord how I laughed and so did Mrs. Foster I thought I should have died and that made the men suspect something and then they soon found out what was the matter. With such kinds of histories of her parties and good jokes to Lydia assisted by Kitty's innocent editions and never to amuse her companions all the way to Longborn. Elizabeth listened as little as she could but there was no escaping the frequent mention of her temper. The reception at home was most common. Mrs. Bennett rejoiced to see Jane in undiminished beauty and more than one string dinner did Mr. Bennett say voluntary tool Elizabeth I am glad you are back Lizzy. The party in the dining room was large for almost all the visits to the woman who arrived and here the news in various were the subjects that occupied them. Lady Memphis was inquiring of Mariah after the welfare and poultry of her eldest daughter Mrs. Bennett was doubly engaged on one hand collecting an account of the present passions from Jane who sat way below her and on the other we tailing them all to the younger lukuses. And Lydia and her voice louder than any other person was enumerating the various pleasures of the morning to anybody who would hear her. Oh Mary, sit she I wish you a fun with us. Her we had such fun as we went along pity and I drew up the blind and pretended there was nobody in the podium and I should have gone so all the way it can be the nothing. And when we thought to the George I knew things we behaved very handsomely for we treated the other three with the nicest fold lunch in the world and you if you would have thought we would have treated you too and then when we came away it was such fun. I thought we never should have gone into the poultry. I was ready to die of laughter. The men we were so married all the way home. We talked and laughed so loud that anybody might have heard us 10 miles off. To this Mary very grateful that finds far the advantage of the new ideas is to start to depreciate such pleasures. They would doubt this be congenial with the generality of female minds but I confess they would have no charms for me. I should infinitely prefer a book. But all of this answer Lydia heard not a word. She seldom listened to anybody for more than half a minute and never attended to Mary. In the afternoon Lydia was urging the rest of the girls to walk in her agenda and to see how everybody would call her but Elizabeth's schedule opposed the scene. It should not be said that the misvenants could not be home half a day before they were in pursuit of the officer. There was another reason to prepare opposition. She credits seeing the struggle come in and was resolved to avoid it as long as possible. The comfort to her of a regiment's approach from a new world lived in deep and odd expression. In a full night they were to go and once found she felt that could be nothing more to take her on his death. She had not been many hours at home before she found that the bright and skiing, a witch Lydia had given them a hint at the end, was under frequent discussion between her parents. The lizard had solved her activity that her father had not smallest intention of yielding, but his answers were at the same time so vague and equally good. The thermometer will often disheartened and never yet despair of succeeding at the last night. End of chapter 3.ides space x But you really need to tell you what happened very next day. She then spoke of the letter, repeating the whole of its contents as far as they concerned George Wikker. This drunkness was for a project. Who would willingly have gone through the war without believing that so much wickedness existed in the whole recent mankind. And I was not saying I was not going to go to the war. I was not saying I was going to go to the war with you. I was just not making one good sort of man. That made it has been shifting about pretty much. From my part I am not going to believe it all darks. I was just saying it was sometimes I thought I was going to get some of you. Okay. I do not know when I have been more sharp as a chief. So very bad. It's almost past belief. And poor on this dr.C. Dear Lizzy, only consider what he must have suffered. Such a disappointment. And with the knowledge of your ill opinion too. And to a hatred of the sister. It is really too distressing. I am sure you must feel it so. Oh no, my regrettable pressure all done away my singing. I know you will do him such ample justice. And I am going every moment war. Unconcert and indifference. Your profusion makes me saving. And if you lament all very much longer my heart will be as light as a feather. Poor, Wickham. There is such an expression. Such an emptiness and gentleness and anger. There certainly was some great mismanagement in the education of those two young men. One has got all the goodness. And the other all the appearance of it. I never thought Mr. Darcy so deficient in the appearance of it as you used to do. And yet I meant to be uncommonly clever and taking so decided to dislike to him. No, no reason. It is such a spurred one's genius. Such an opening for wit. Have a dislike of that kind. One may be continually abusive without saying anything just. But one cannot always be laughing at a man without now and then stumbling on something withy. Easy. And you first read that letter. I am sure you could not treat the matter as you do now. Indeed. I could not. I was uncomfortable enough. I may say unhappy. There was no one to speak to about what I felt. No change completely. They did not be in severe defeat. Fain. Non-sensical as I knew I had. Oh, how I wanted you. No. How unfortunate that you should have used such very strong expressions in speaking of wickum to Mr. Darcy. Poor. Now they do appear wholly undeserved. Certainly. But the misfortune that speaking with bitterness is the most never consequence of the prejudices I had been encouraging. There is one point on which I want your advice. I want to be told whether I ought or not to make our creases in general understand wickum's character. This meant the positive. But not sure if it could be. No occasion for exposing him so dreadfully. What is your opinion? That it not not to be attempted. Mr. Darcy is not authorized me to make his communication public. On the contrary, every particular relative to his sister was meant to be kept as much as possible to myself. And if I endeavor to undecene people as to the rest of his conduct, who will believe me? The general prejudice against Mr. Darcy is so violent. It would be the death of half the good people in the parent, too. Attempt to place him in an angry little fight. I am not equal to it. Wickum will soon be gone. And therefore it will not signify to anyone here what he really is. Sometimes hands it will be all found out. Then we may be laughed at their stupidity and not knowing it before. That present? I was saying nothing about it. But I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. I am not a lie. Whenever she might wish to talk again, either. And there was still something working behind. Of which Prudence forbade the disclosure. She dared not relate the other half of Mr. Darcy's letter. Or explained to her sister how sincerely she had been valued by her friend. Here was an allege in which no one could take. And she was sensible that nothing less than a perfect understand. When you are on strike. Funny why he is干 unboxing. And yes protested, that Anann said she… If that variable advantage ever taking place it tasked to deal with a lot more incredible matters. The liberty of communicationCONOPiemai Strange character told him that at leisure to observe the real state of her sister's spirits. James not happy. She still cherished a very tender affection for Binhui. Having never even fancy herself in love with Sure, her regard had all the warmth of first attachment and from her age and disposition. Raider steadiness then most cherished attachments off to her host. And so, we're evently de Chievalu is remembrance and prefer him to every other man that all her good sense and all her attention to the feelings of her friends and her requisite to check the indulgence of those regrets which must have been in the jury's to her own hell and their tranquility. Well, busy. Zemiz has been in one day. What is your opinion now? This sad business of James. Before my part I am determined never to speak of it again to anybody. I told my sister, Philip so the other day. But I cannot find out that James or anything of him in London. He is a very undeserving young man. And I do not suppose there's the least chance in the world of her ever getting him now. There is no talk of his coming to another field again at the summer. And I have inquired for everybody too who is likely to know. And I do not believe he will ever live at another field anymore. Oh, well, it is just as he chooses. Nobody wants him to come. The wise shall always say he used my daughter to extremely ill. And if he has her, I will not have to help him. If it is, I am sure James will die of broken heart. And then he will be sorry for what he has done. But as Elizabeth could not receive comfort from any such expectation, she made no answer. Well, Lizzy, continue to her mother soon afterwards. And so that the colonns is very comfortable to be doing. Well, I only hope that we will last. And what sort of team will thank you? Charlotte is an excellent manager, I dare say. If she is not, I sure if his mother, she is saving enough. There's nothing extravagant in their house. I dare say. No, nothing at all. A great deal of good management dependable in it. Yes, yes. They will take care not to outrun their income. They will never be distressed for money. But what is good man to tell? And so as it was they who had to talk about having one, who is going to raise their own daughter to stay in their house. Man, man, why is he still wearing men here? Same line in my family's house. Even as a subject, which they could not mention, they would be in jail. No, it would be strange if they had to pay for the property. And they would be in jail. They would be in jail. They would be in jail. They would be in jail. They would be in jail. They would be in jail. They would be in jail. They would be in jail. They would be in jail. They would be in jail. They would be in jail. Man, man, man, man. It was the last of the regiment's day in Maryland. And all the young ladies in the neighborhood were drooling in the face. The objection was close to the person. The elder mismanence of the woman who was still able to bring the drink and sleep and pursue the usual course of their appointments. And when they were free, the day when they approached the disowning sense of the white kid and Lydia, whose own misery was extreme. And who could not comprehend such a part of the heart of this in any of the family. Good heaven. What has to become of us? What do we do? Would they often exclaim in the bitterness of the world? How can you be smiling so busy? Their affection and mother share for their peace? She remembered that she and her son, the leader of the civil society. Okay. Ah. That's good. And the eye and the eye. So she might cry for two days together when Colonel Miller's regiment went away. I thought I should have broken my heart. Why am sure I shall break mine? Sit, Lydia. If one could but go to brighten, observe. Since then, he is the one who never knew. The whole world is so disobeyed. The least he gave it his way of remembering. And my efforts to show him to me, and the great deal of good and in kidding. Such were the kind of lamentations resounding perpetually through long-born house. Elizabeth tried to be diverted by them. But all sense of pleasure was lost in shame. She felt the new that justice of Mr. Darcy's objections. And never had she been so much disposed to pardon his interference in the views of his friend. But the blue of Lydia's prospect was shortly cleared away. For she received an invitation from Mrs. Forster, the wife of the Colonel of the regiment, to accompany her to brighten. This in-value of the friend was a very young woman. And very lately married. Others and lives in good human and good spirits. I'd recommend it her and Lydia to each other. And out of there three months of waitings, they had been intimate. The rapture of Lydia on this occasion, her adoration of Mrs. Forster, the delight of Mrs. Bennet, and the mortification of Kitty, are scarcely described. Holy inattentive to her sister's feelings, Lydia flew about the house in restless ecstasy, calling for everyone's congratulations, and laughing and talking with more violence than ever. Whilst the luckless Kitty continued in the parlor, repigned at her fate, in terms as unreasonable as her accent was pivish. I cannot see why Mrs. Forster should not ask me, as well as Lydia, such she. Though I am not her particular friend, I have just as much right to be asked as she has, and more to, for I am two years older. In vain did Elizabeth attempt to make her reasonable, and Jane to make her resigned. As for Elizabeth herself, this invitation was so far from exciting, in her the same feelings as in her mother and Lydia, that she considered as Lieutenant War in all possible, and said to the actor, and detestable as such a step must make her, or no. She could not help secretly advising her father, not to let her go. She represented to him all the improprieties of Lydia's general behavior, the little advantage she could derive from the friendship of such a woman as Mrs. Forster, and the probability of her being yet more improved, with such a companion at Brighton, where the temptations must be greater than at home. He hurt her attentively, and then said, Did I ever be easy until she has exposed herself to some public place or other? And we can never expect her to do it with so little expense or inconvenience to her family as under the present circumstances. If you were aware, Sidilusman, the very great disadvantage to us all, which must arise from the public notice of Lydia's unguarded and imprudent manner, which is already a reason for it. I'm sure you would judge it too. All ready, Ovis. I'll be dismissed. But, as she finds the way some of your lovers, who are that busy would do not be cast down. Such squeamish youths is cannot bear to be connected with a little absurdity or not worth a regret. Come, let me see the list pitiful fellows who have been kept a new flight Lydia's folly. Indeed, you are mistaken. I have no such injuries to resent. It is not a particular, but of general evils which I am now complaining. Our importance are, this possibility in the world must be affected by the wild volatility, the assurance and disdain of all restraint which Mark Lydia's character. Excuse me, but I must speak plainly. If you might hear father will not take the trouble of checking her exuberant spirits, end up teaching her that her present pursuits are not to be the business of her life. She will soon be beyond the reach of amendment. Her character will be fixed, and she will at 16 be the most determined flurb that ever made herself more repented of her assert, too, in the worst and meanest degree of flirtation. Without any attraction beyond youth, an atollerable person, and from the ignorance and emptiness of her mind, wholly unable to ward off any portion of that universal content which her rage for admiration will excite. In this danger, Kitty also is comprehended. She will follow wherever Lydia leads. Vane, ignorant, idol, and absolutely uncontrolled. Her heart can't suppose if possible, that they will mark the censored and despise wherever they are known, and that their sisters will not be often involved in the disgrace. Mr. Bennett saw that her whole heart was in the subject, and affectionately taking her hand, said and reply, do not make yourself uneasy, my love. Wherever you and J.R. known, you must be respected and valued, and you will not appear to less advantage for having a couple of, or I may say, three, very silly sisters. We shall have no peace at long-born as Lydia does not go to Brighton. Let her go then. Perth of forster is a sense for man, and books you are at any real mischief. And she is, motherly, too, for to be an object of prey to anybody. At Brighton she will be a less important, even as a common servant that she has been here. The officers will find women better worth it. Let us hope therefore that her being their may-teacher, her whole insignificant. At any rate, she cannot grow many degrees worse, without authorizing us to lock her up for the rest of her life. With this answer Elizabeth was forced to be content. But her own opinion continued the same, and she left him disappointed and soaring. It was not in her nature, however, to increase her vexations by dwelling on them. She was confident of having performed her duty, and to fret over unavoidable evils, or augment them by anxiety, was no part of her disposition. Had Lydia and her mother known the substance of her conference with her father, their indignation would hardly have found expression in their united-foliability. If Lydia's imagination of visit to Brighton comprised every possibility of birthly having this, she saw with the creative eye of fancy, the streets of that gay-baving place covered with officers. She saw herself, the object of attention, two tens and two scores of them at present unknown. She saw all the glories of the camel, its tense, stretched forth in beauties uniformity of lines, crowded with the young eye-gay, and dazzling with scarmine. And to complete the view of how she saw herself, seated beneath the tent, tenderly flirting with at least six officers at once. Had she known her sister, sought to tear her from such a prospects, and such realities as these, what would have been her sensations? They could have been understood only by her mother, who might have felt nearly the same. Lydia's going to Brighton was all that consoled her, for her no-one-call-eating vision of her husband's never intended to go there himself. But they were entirely ignorant of what had passed, and their rapture continued with little information to the very day of Lydia's leaving home. Elizabeth was now to see Mr. Wickham for the last time, having been frequently in company with him since her return, agitation was pretty well over. The agitations of formal, partiality entirely so. She had even learned to detect in the very gentleness, which had first delighted her, an affectation and a sameness to discuss. In his presence, he gave her to herself. She had a fresh source of displeasure, for the inclination he soon testified of for newing those intentions, which had marked in the early part of their acquaintance, could have only served him after what had since passed, and to reveal her. She lost all concern for him, infronting herself, thus as selecting this object as such, I don't have the full of scallotry. While she steadily repressed it, could not but feel the reproof contained in his believing, then however long, and whenever cause his intentions have been ignored. Her vanity would be gratifying and her presence in this issue, and in her turn, and I'd be glad to have met her. I'd be glad to have met her. I'd be glad to have met her. He died, with other of the officers at Longmore. And so little was a Elizabeth disposed to depart from him in Good Humor, but on his making, some inquiry as to the matter in which her time had passed a tons份. She mentioned her, and her lawyers, and Mr. Darcy's, having both spent three weeks at Ro'sings. And asked him if he was acquainted with the former. He looked to surprise, displeased alarm, with the most recollection in a returning soil. Replied that he had formerly seen him often, and after observing that he was a very charming, like man, after how she liked him. Our hands were in his favor. We had an air of indifference, and so enough to what's added. How long did you say he was up to Ro'sings? Nearly three weeks. And you saw him frequently. Yes, almost every day. His manners are very different from his cousins. Yes, very different. But I think Mr. Darcy improves upon a quince. Indeed. He's a little bit more mature, but he's not a scaper. And I ask him. But checking himself he added in the care to him. Is it in address the, as he had done, and told him to have a little bit of a deal in his poor, very style. Or, I dare not, he continued an lower, more serious tone, that he has improved in essentials. Oh, no. Settle this with. In essentials. I believe he is very much what he ever was. While she spoke, we come looked as if scarcely knowing whether to rejoice over her words. Or to distrust in their meaning. There was something in her account, which made me listen to that for him. And he has attention. I have a lot of money. And I said, I don't know what he's doing. I didn't know he was blind to his parents. I was wearing a statement for movement. With it, I know we had a girl. His disposition is better. But you're stupid. What he's alarm now, what you're in, you know, he's a bunch of people. And I'm not even a single person. I'm not even a single person. I'm not even a single person. I'm not even a single person. I'm not even a single person. He's a person. He's a person. He's a person. He's a person. You, who is so well-known, I feel it to work. Mr. Doris, who barely comprehend how he's here. I must be a choice that he is. Why is enough to assume even the appearance of what is right? He is pride in that direction, maybe of the surprise of himself. To many others. I've only deter him for such a foul misconduct as I have suffered by. I only fear that this sort of cautionness to which you I imagine have been alluding is merely adopted on his visit. To his heart. As which good opinion and judgment he stands for, in all his fear of her as always operated. I know when they were together. And a good deal is to be imputed to his wish of forewitting the match with Mr. Berg, which my or certainly is very much an art. Well, Elizabeth could not repress this smile with this, but she answered only by a slight inclination of that. She saw people into a major on people, so checked up his grievances. And no one's from her. No one's from her. Rest of the evening passed with the appearance on his side of the useful cheerfulness. But with no further attempt to distinguish his eye, and they parted in last. And he was in a... A... A... A... A... A... ...A... When the party broke up, Lydia returned with Mrs. Forster to, Maryton. From Wednesday were to set out early the next morning. The separation between her and her family was rather noisy and pathetic. Kitty was the only one who shendiers. Muching for his belief in the wrong way. And in his men and women's views. Muching for the city of the world. And in the rest of the dinner in junctions. That future of no place you don't have to do. I don't even know where he was. I don't even know what's going on. I've had advice which there was. Every reason to be able to be well-rended to. You didn't remember us having this whole idea of herself. And it didn't grow well. The more gentle it used for her sisters and her husband. Without her husband. And... ...I'll check her for anyone. This is a liberal box with party. A liberal box for parties. A liberal box. A liberal box. This reading by Kara Shallonberg. www.kray.org. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 42 and 43. Chapter 42. Had Elizabeth's second. Without her husband. Without her husband. I don't remember more than being a peep. I've gone to go to the local party. Or to domestic comfort. Her father had to be beside you. And that appearance was more than excuse and use. General and guilt. At very little moment, he was weak and understanding. The liberal mind had very early in the marriage. Put an end to all real affection for her. Respect, esteem, and confidence had vanished forever. And all his views of domestic happiness were overthrown. But miscarbentants was not ever this position. To seek comfort for the disappointment which his own imprudence had brought on. In any of those pleasures which too often control the unfortunate for their fathers or the kind. You respond of the country and the books. And from these tastes that are really important to all in your life. To his wife, he was very little otherwise together. Then asked for ignorance and thought that he could be this too. This is not the sort of happiness which man would in general wish to owe to his wife. But for other powers of any of his father's own. The truth was that Elizabeth comes such as our given. Elizabeth, however, had never been blind to the impropriety of her father's behavior as a husband. She had always seen it with pain, but respecting his abilities and grateful for her affection that treatment of herself. She endeavored to forget what she could not overlook. And to vanish from her thoughts that continual beats to congregal obligation and decorum which, and exposing his wife to the contempt of her own children, was so highly reprehensible. But she would never felt so strongly as now that this advantage is which must attend the children of so unsuitable marriage. Or ever but so familiar with either arising from so ill-guid in the power. Silence which, rightly used, might at least have preserved the respectability of his daughters, even if incapable of enlarging the mind of his wife. When Elizabeth had rejoiced over Wickham's departure, she found little other cause for satisfaction in the loss of the regiment. Their parties abroad were less varied than before, and at home she had a mother-and-sister who's constant reprimations at the belvers of everything around them. Through a real blue, over there the Messick Circle. And though it might encounter again her natural degree of sense, since the horrors of her brain will remove. Her other sister from whose disposition greater evil might be apprehended, was likely to be hardened in all her folly and assured by a situation that's a double danger as a watering place and a count. Upon the whole, therefore, she found her sometimes been found before, that an event to which she had been looking with impatient desire did not, in taking place, wring all the satisfaction she had promised herself. It would consequently necessary to name some other period for the commencement of actual publicity. There was some other point on which prohibitions and hopes might be fixed. And by a dad enjoying the pleasure of anticipation, console her head for the present and prepare for a moment to point me. Her tour to the lake was now the object of her happiest thoughts. It was her best consolation for all the uncomfortable hours for this contingent of her mother and kitten-made inevitable. And could she have included Jane and the scheme, every part of it would have been perfect. But it is fortunate that she, that I have something to wish for, for the whole arrangement complete, my disappointment would be certain. But here, by carrying with me one ceaseless source of regret in my sister's absence, I may reasonably hope to have all my expectations of pleasure realized. A scheme of which every part promised is delight can never be successful, and general disappointment is only awarded off by the defensive, some little peculiar vexation. When Lydia went away, she promised to write very often and very minutely do her mother and kitten. But her letters were always long-expected and always very short. Those to her mother contained with her else, then that they were just returning from the library, for such and such officers had attended them. And where she had seen such beautiful ornaments as made her quite wild, that she had a new gown or a new parasol, which she would have described more fully, a little bit of light to leave off in the library, as this is for her, and they were going off to the camp. And from her correspondence with her sister, there was still less to be learned. For her letters to kitty, no rather longer, for much too full of lines under the words, to be made public. After the first fortnight or three weeks of her absence, health, good humor, and cheerfulness began to reappear at long-born. Everything wore a happier aspect. The families who had been in town for the winter came back again, and summer, finery, and summer engagement arose. Mrs. Bennett was restored to her usual, far less serenity, and by the middle of June, if he was so much recovered, as to be able to enter Maritime without tears, and events of such happy promise as to make Elizabeth hope that by the following Christmas, she might be so tolerably reasonable, as not to mention an officer above once a day, unless by some cruel and malicious arrangement at the war office, another regiment should be courted in Maritime. The time fixed for the beginning of their norther and tour was now fast approaching, and a fortnight only was wanting of it, when a letter arrived from Mrs. Gardner, which at once delayed its commencement, and curtailed its extent. Mr. Gardner would be prevented by business from setting out to a fortnight later in July, and must be in London again within a month. And as that left too short of period for them to go so far, and see so much as they had proposed, or at least to see it with the linear and comfort they had built on, they were obliged to give up the lakes, and substitute a more contrasted tour, and according to the private land, or to go no farther north north than Darbyshire. In that county there was enough to be seen to occupy the chief of their few weeks, and to Mrs. Gardner it had a peculiarly strong attack. The power was she had formerly passed some years of her life, and for they were now in the end a few days, was probably as great as the opportunity as all the celebrated beauties of Matlach, Chatsworth, Don Dale, or the Peak. He was a bath that was excessively disappointed. She had set her heart on seeing the lakes, and still thought there might have been to the top. But it was her business to be satisfied, and certainly her temper to be happy, and all was soon right again. With the mention of Darbyshire, there were many ideas connected. It was impossible for her to see the work without any numbering and its owner. But surely that she, our main enter his county without impunity, and Robert of a few petrified spars without his preceding. The period of expectation was now doubled. Four weeks were to pass away before her uncle and aunt arrived, but they did pass away, and Mr. and Mrs. Gardner, with their four children, did at length appear at long-born. The children, two girls of six and eight years old, and two younger boys, or to be left under the particular chair of their cousin Jane, who was the general favorite, and who's steady sense and sweetness of temper exactly adapted her for attending to them in every way, teaching them, playing with them, and loving them. The gardeners stayed only one night at long-born, and set off and externing Matheela's bath in pursuit of novelty and amusement. One enjoyment was certain. That of suitableness of companions, a suitableness which comprehended health, and tempered to bear inconveniences. Cheerfulness to enhance every pleasure, and affection and intelligence, which might supply it among themselves if they were disappointment to thrive. It is not the object of this work to give a description of Garbyshire, nor of any of the remarkable places that they're about to learn. And um, warwick, camelwrest, Birmingham, etc. are sufficiently known. A small part of Garbyshire is all the present concern. To the little town of Lampton, the scene of Mrs. Gardner's former residents, and where she had lately learned some acquaintance still remained, they bent their steps. After having seen all the principal wonders of the country, and within five miles of Lampton, Luzubeth found from her aunt that can barely was situated. It was not an indirect road, nor more than a mile or two out of it. In talking over there, route, the evening before, this is Gardner expressed an inclination to see the place again. Mr. Gardner declared his willingness, and Ela Zabeth was applied to for her activation. My love should you not like to see a place of which you have heard so much. Separate, a place too, with which so many of you are acquaintances are connected. With them passed all his youth there, you know. Luzubeth was distressed. She felt that she had no business at hermerely, and was obliged to assume a disinclination for seeing it. She must own that she was tired of seeing great houses. After going over so many, she really had no plegering, fine carpets or satin curtains. Mrs. Gardner abused her stupidity. I said, we're merely a fine house richly furnished, said she. I should not care about it myself, but the grounds are delightful. They have some of the finest ones in the country. He must have said no more, but her mind could not act reass. The possibility of meeting Mr. Darcy while viewing the place instantly occurred. She blushed at the very idea, and thought all she better to speak openly to her aunt, than to run into her risk. But, again, this there were objections, and she finally resolved that it could be the last resource, if her private inquiries to the absence of the family were unfaithably answered. Accordingly, when she retired at night, she asked for the chamber maid, whether her family were not a very fine place, what was the name of its proprietor. And, with no little alarm, whether the family were down for the sun. A most welcome negative, followed the last question. After a long, now being removed, she was at leisure to feel a great deal of curiosity to see the house herself. And, when the subject was revived the next morning, and she was again applied to could readily answer, and with a proper air of indifference, that she had not really any dislike to the scheme. To pamperly, therefore, they were to go. And, after 42, she was at the 40th. He was the best, as they drove along, watched for the first appearance of Pemberley Woods with some perturbation, and, when it leg, they turned in at the lodge, her spirits were in a high flutter. The park was very large, and contained great variety of ground. They entered it in one of its lowest points, and drove for some time through a beautiful wood stretching over a wide extent. Elizabeth's mind was too full for conversation, but she saw and admired every remarkable spot at point of view. They gradually ascended for half a mile, and then found themselves at the top of the tree. Quite a wood ceased. And the eye was instantly caught by a Bemberley house, situated on the opposite side of a valley, into which the road with some abruptness wound. It was a large, handsome stone building, standing well on rising ground, and backed by a ridge of high woody hills. And in front, a stream of some natural importance of a solid wooded greater, but we know how this will appear. It's thanks for neither formal nor falsely adorned. Elizabeth was delighted. She had never seen a place for which nature had done more, or her natural beauty had been so little counteracted by an awkward taste. They were all of them warm in their admiration. And at that moment, she felt that to be mistress of Pemberley might be something. They descended the hill, crossed the bridge, and drove to the door, and, while examining the mirror aspect of the house, all her apprehension of meeting its owner returned. She dreaded less the chamber name had been discovered. On a fine, to see the place, they were admitted into the hall, and he lived at, as they waited for the house he was. I believe if he wondered how could he be in the house who was. The housekeeper came. They were expectable looking elderly woman, much less fine and more civil than she had in the house. Followed her into the dining pile. It was a large, well-proportioned room, and some we fitted it up. In Elizabeth, after a slightly surveying it, went to a window to enjoy its prospect. The hill, found with wood, they had descended, receiving increased abruptness from the distance, was a beautiful object. Every disposition of the ground was good, and she looked on the whole scene, the river, the trees, scattered on its banks, and the line of the valley, as far as we could trace it, with delight. As they passed into other rooms, these objects were taken different positions, but from everyone knows they were viewed to be seen. The rooms were lofty and handsome, and they're furniture suitable to the fortune of its proprietor. But Elizabeth saw, with admiration of his piece, that was neither gruddy nor uselessly fine, with less of splendor and more real elegance than the furniture of rosings. And of this place, thought she, I might have been mistress. With these rooms, I might now have been familiarly acquainted. Instead of viewing them as a stranger, I might have rejoiced them as my own, and welcomed to them as visitors, my uncle and aunt. But no. Recollecting herself. That could never be. My uncle and aunt would have been lost to me. I should not have been allowed to invite them. This was a lucky recollection. It saved her from something very life regret. She longed to inquire of the housekeeper, whether her master was really absent, but had not the courage for it. I'd like, however, the question was asked by her uncle, and she turned away with alarm. Mrs. Reynolds replied that he was, adding, but we expect him to borrow, with a large party of friends. How rejoiced was he Elizabeth, that their own journey had not found any circumstance they'd delay today. Her aunt now called her to look at a picture. She approached and saw the lightness of Mr. Wickham, suspended amongst several other miniatures of the demands of these. Her aunt asked her, smilingly how she liked it. The housekeeper came forward and told them it was a picture of a young gentleman. The son of her late master, Stewart, who had been brought up by him at his own expense. He is now gone into the army, and she added, but I am afraid he has turned out very wild. Mrs. Gardner looked at her niece with a smile, but he was about to not return it. And that, the little friend, pointing to another of the miniatures, is my master, and very light him. It was gone at the same time as the other, about eight years ago. I have heard much of your master's buying person, that Mrs. Gardner looked at the picture. It is a handsome face, but, Mrs. Gardner, you can tell us whether it is like or not. Mrs. Gardner's respect for Elizabeth seemed to increase on this information of her knowing her master. This is that young lady, no Mr. Darsen. You are the best color, and said, a little. And do you not think him a very handsome gentleman now? Yes, very handsome. I am sure I know none so handsome, but in the gallery upstairs, you will see a finer larger picture of him that looks. This room was my late master's favorite room. And these miniatures are just as they used to be then. He was very fond of them. This accounted to Elizabeth, when he was two-footed in the month. Mrs. Reynolds then directed their attention to one of Mr. Darsen, drawn when she was only eight years old. And is Mr. Darsen as handsome as her brother, said Mrs. Gardner? Oh yes, the handsomeest young lady that ever was seen, and so accomplished. She plays and sings all day long, and the next room is a new instrument, just come down for her. A present from my master. She comes here tomorrow with him. Mr. Gardner, whose manners were very easy and pleasant, encouraged her communicativeness by his questions and remarks. Mrs. Reynolds, either by pride or attachment, had evidently great pleasure in talking up her master and his sister. Is your master much at Pemberley in the course of the year? Not so much as I could wish sir, but I dare say he may spend half his time here. And Mr. Darsen is always down for the summer months. Except, thought he was about when she goes to Ramsgate. If your master would marry, you might see more of him. Yes, sir, but I do not know when that would be. If you do not know who is good enough for him. Mr. and Mrs. Gardner smile, you little about could not help saying. It is very much to his credit, I am sure, that you should think so. I say no more than the truth, and everybody will say that no of him. replied the other. He was a best thought this was going pretty far, and she listened with increasing astonishment as the housekeeper added. I have never known a crossword from him in my life, and I have known him ever since he was four years old. This was praise of all others, most extraordinary, most opposite to her ideas, that he was not a good tempered man had been her firmest opinion. Her keenest attention was awakened. She longed to hear more, and was grateful to her uncle for saying. There are very few people of whom so much can be said. You are lucky in having such a master. Yes, sir, I know I am. If I were to go through the world, I could not meet with the better, but I have always observed that, they who are giving me true attention, a good nature when they grow up. And who was always the sweetest tempered, most generous heart had boy in the world. He looked at the almost stared at her. Can this be Mr. Darcy thought she? His father was an excellent man. Mrs. Gargoye. Yes, ma'am, that he wasn't meath, and his son will be just like him, just as applicable to the poor. He looked at that, listen, one nerd, youted, and was impatient for more. Mrs. Ranult could interest her on no other point. She related the subjects for the characters, the dimensions of the rooms, and the price of the furniture in vain. Mr. Gardner, highly amused by the kind of family prejudice to which he attributed her excessive commendation of her master, soon led again to the subject, and she dwelt with energy on his many merits as they proceeded together of the great staircase. He is the best landlord and the best master, such he, that ever lived. Not like the wild young men nowadays, who think of nothing but themselves, there is not one of his tenants or servants that will give him a good name. Some people call him proud, but I am sure I never saw anything of it. To my sense, it is only because he does not travel away like other young men. In what an annual delight does this place him? Thought he lives about. This fine account of him, this great her aunt, as they walked, is not quite consistent with his behavior to our poor friend. Perhaps we might be deceived. That is not very likely. Our authority was too good. On reaching the spacious lobby about, they were shown into a very pretty sitting room. Lately fitted up with great her elegance and lightness than the apartments we love. And the worrying formed that it was but just done to give pleasure to Mr. Darcy, who had taken a liking to the room when last at Pemberley. He is certainly a good brother, said he lives about, as she walked towards one of the windows. Mrs. Reynolds anticipated Mr. Darcy's delight when she should enter the room. And this is always the way with him. She added, whatever can give his sister any pleasure in short to be done in a moment. There is nothing he would not do for her. The picture gallery and two or three of the principal bedrooms were all that remained to be shown. In the former, or many good paintings, but Elizabeth knew nothing of the art. And from such as had been already visible below, she had willingly turned to look at some drawings of Mr. Darcy's in crayons, who was subject to a little more interesting and also more intelligible. In the gallery, there were many family portraits, and they would have little to fix the attention of a stranger. In the left, he left in the quest of the only face whose features would be known to them. At last, in a rest of her, and she would be held a strike in resemblance to Mr. Darcy's in the face as she would remember to have some time to see her. She stood several minutes before the picture. In our next presentation, and returned to the gallery, where they took the gallery. This is Reynolds in Huang's room, that it had been taken in his father's lifetime. There was certainly at this moment, in Elizabeth's mind, a more gentle sensation towards the original, than she had ever felt at the height of their craft. The commendation be stood on him by Mrs. Reynolds, was of no crackling nature. What praise is more valuable than the praise of an intelligent servant? As a brother, a landlord, a master, she considered how many people's happiness were in his guardianship. How much of pleasure and pain was it in his power to be still? How much of good or evil must be done by him? Every idea that had been brought forward by the housekeeper was favorable to his character, and as she stood before the canvas on which he was represented, and fixed his eyes upon herself. She thought of his regard with a deeper sentiment of gratitude, than it had ever raised before. She remembered it's love, and self-admitted to the pride he had been structured. When all of the house that was open to general inspection had been seen, they returned downstairs and taking leave of the housekeeper were consigned over to the gardener, who met them at the hall door. As they walked across the hall towards the river, he lived the best turned back to look again. For uncle and aunt, stop also, and while the former was the nectar and asked the day to the village, the owner of it himself suddenly came forward from the road which led behind it to the stables. They were within twenty yards of each other, and so a brush was in the parent that it was impossible to avoid his face. Their eyes instantly met, and the cheek still stood when overspread with the deepest flesh. He absolutely started and for a moment seemed immovable from surprise, but shortly recovered himself, advanced for the harder and so familiar that it's not in terms of perfect composure and need the perfect fidelity. She had instinctive return to land, but stopping on his approach received this compliment with an embarrassment impossible to be overcome. Had his first appearance, our hand resembled to the picture they had just been examined, and insufficient to assure the other two of that they now saw Mr. Darcy. The gardener's expression of surprise on beholding his master must immediately have told it. They stood a little aloof while he was talking to their niece, who astonished and confused, scarcely dared lift her eyes his face and knew not what answers she returned to his civil inquiry after her family. A maze that the alteration of his manners since they last part had every sentence that he uttered was increasing her embarrassment and every idea of the emperor prior to her being found there recurring to her mind the few minutes in which they continued were some of the most uncomfortable in her life. Nor did he seem much more at ease when he spoke, his accent had none of its usual sedateness and he repeated his inquiries as to the time of her having left long-born and of her having stayed in Darby's room so often, and in so hurryed away as plainly spoke to the destruction of his thoughts. Edlin, every idea seemed to fail him and, after standing a few moments without saying a word, he suddenly recollected himself and took leave. The others then joined her and expressed admiration of his figure but he was about her not a word and wholly engrossed by her own feelings followed them in silence. She was overpowered by shame and of exacetion. For coming there was the most unfortunate the most ill-judged thing in the world how strange it must appear to him and what a disgraceful light might it not strike so vain a man. It might seem that if she had purposely wronging herself in his way again. Oh, why did she come? Or why did he thus come a day before he was expected? Edlin only came in it sooner they should have been beyond the reach of his discrimination. For it was plain that he was that moment arrived that moment, a lighted from his horse or his carriage. She blushed again and again over the perverseness of the meeting. And his behavior so strikingly altered what could it mean that he should even speak to her was amazing but to speak with such civility to inquire after her family. Never in her life had she seen his manners so little dignified. Never had you spoken with such gentleness as on this unexpected meeting. What a contrast did it offer to his last address in Rosings Park when he put his letter into her hand. She knew not what to think or how to account for it. They had now entered a beautiful walk by the side of the water and every step was bringing forward a noblur fall of ground or a finer reach of the woods to which they were approaching. But it was sometimes before he knew about what sensible and any of it. And so she answered mechanically to the repeated appeals of her uncle and aunt and seemed to direct her eyes to such objects that they pointed out. She distinguished no art of the scene. But thoughts were all fixed on that one spot of Pemberley house whichever it might be, where Mr. Darcy then was. She longed to know what at the moment was passing in his mind. In what manner he thought of her and whether in defiance of everything she would still be able to. Perhaps he had been civil only because he felt himself at ease. Yet, there had been that in his voice which was not like ease. Whether he had felt more of pain or of pleasure in seeing her, it could not tell. But he certainly had not seen her with composure. At length, however, the remarks of her companions on her absence of mine, the rouse chair and she felt necessity of appearing more like herself. They entered the woods and bidding a view to the river for a while ascended some of the higher ground. When in the spot where the opening of the trees gave the eye power to wander for many charming views of the valley, the opposite pose, with the long range of woods spreading in and occasionally part of the tree. Mr. Gardner expressed the wish of going round the whole park, but feared it might be beyond the walk. With a triumph of smile, they were told that it was ten miles round. It settled the matter and they pursued the accustomed circuit which brought them again after some time. In a descent among hanging woods to the edge of the water and one of its narrowest parts. They crossed it by a single bridge in the car and the river. There was a spot less adorn than any they had yet visited and the valley, here contracted into a Glen, allowed him only for the streets and the narrow one by the rough copper squid which ordered it. He was about long to explore its windings but when they had crossed the bridge and perceived their distance from the house, this is Gardner. The water was not a great water but so no farther and thought only a returning to the car is just like the impossible. The moon was there for a blind and they took me out and it was a fire. In the nearer direction but their progress was low. From Mr. Gardner, they saw the table from those to the very farther fishers. It was so much engaged to watch the amazing appearance and the sound of the water and talking to the man about them. And he had found the water. Whilst wandering on in this low manner they were again surprised and the Elizabeth astonishment was quite equal to what it had been at first by the sight of Mr. Gardner's approaching them and at no great distance the walk here being less mature than on the other side allowed them to see them before they met. Elizabeth, however astonished was that least more prepared for an interview than the four of them and resolved to appear and speak with calmness if he really intended to meet them. For a few moments in each you tell that you would come to be strife and do some other paths. The idea lasted while attorney you walked concealed him from that view. The turning pass he was immediately before them. With a glance she saw that he had lost none of her reach to the village and to imitate his flight and she began to send that to admire the beauty of the place. But she had not got beyond the words they liked her and her husband was trying some unlawful recollections that proved it and she fancied that praise of her ability to assert my deepest image to this place of truth her color changed and she said no more. Mrs. Gardner was standing on the little behind and on her closing he asked her if she would do him the honor of this place. She was so proud to be able to prove that she was quite unprepared and she could hardly suppress a smile at his being now seeking the acquaintance of some of those very people against whom his pride had revolted in his offer to herself. What would be his surprise thought she when he knows who they are? He gets them now from the full affection. The introduction, however, was immediately made and as she named their relationship to herself she stole a slide and look at him to see how he bore it and was not without the expectation of his decamping as fast as he could from such disgraceful companions. That he was surprised by the connection was evident and he sustained it however with fortitude and so far from going away turned back with them and entered into conversation with Mr. Gardner. He was about not by the police could not but triumph it was consoling that you should know she had some relations for whom there was no need to blush. She listened most attentively to all that passed between him and glory in every expression every sentence of her uncle which marked his intelligence his taste or his good manners. The conversation soon turned upon Fishing and she heard Mr. Darcy invite him with a greatest civility to fish there as often as he chose while he continued in the neighborhood offering him the same time to fly in with fishing tackle and pointing out those parts of the stream where there was usually most sport. This is Gardner who is looking arming in arm with he was in that narrow for a look expressive of a wonder. He was about to send up and get it right inside her exceedingly. The compliment must be all for herself or astonishment, however, was extreme and continually was she repeating why is he so cultured from what she had perceived it cannot be for me it cannot be for my state that was mannered or thus thought of but my reproved that hunts were it could not work such a change as this it isn't possible that this should still have me. After walking in some time it has to be a due lady that hunts between gentleman and her eyes I'm revealing their places after descending to the break of the river for the better inspection and serious water plant there's chance to be a little alteration it originated in Mrs. Gardner who was the key for the exercise of the morning found the Elizabeth arm in adequate for her support and consequently referred to the list of Mr. Gardner who came from her place by her knees and then walked on again after a short silence the lady first saw she wished to know which she had been extraordinarily absentee before she came to the place and accordingly began by observing that his arrival had been very unexpected for your housekeeper she added informed us that you would certainly not be her child tomorrow and indeed before we left fake well we understood that you were not in any of this evidence she acknowledged the truth of it and said that business with her steward had occasioned this coming forward a few hours before the rest of the party with me had been traveled they were going the early tomorrow if it's a good and a moment of our summer we'll come out in the next week Mr. Bingman and his sister and this is an end for the Elizabeth arm but her thoughts were instantly driven back to the five things to think he had been the last mention between them and if she might judge by his collection this body was not very different than he did there was also one other person in the party he continued after her thoughts who were particularly wishes to be known to you who will allow me or to ask too much to introduce my sister to your acquaintance during your stand-up but surprise of such an application of the great indeed it was too great for her to know and put matters yet and immediately felt that whatever desire would start to have a key point in the left or a perfect brother and without looking far there the status of her train it was great to know that this resentment and not make this a real deal they now walk five in silence each of them deep in thought Elizabeth was not comfortable that doesn't possible but she was smarter than her she was wishful to be a sister to her acquaintance to find her and soon outstrip to the others and come and have reached her and she started to learn how to control her but not in the end she then asked her to walk into her but she declared her son not tired and she's been together and she's been together and at which of her time to much like her been said and silence was really awkward she wanted to talk but there seemed to be an embargo on every subject at last she recollected that she was in trouble and they talked with metlocke and does their own great perseverance that crying meant her and including slowly and her patience and her ideas were only worn out before they had a tent for over on this journey this is darkening they were all fresh to link the puzzle to fix the question and they've argued on each side of the unknown to the life Mr. Darcy handed the ladies into marriage and from her law to the left side and from her who are not allowed to the observations of her uncle and aunt and each of them pronounced him to be infinite and superior to anything they had expected he is perfectly well behaved, polite and I'm assuming that her uncle there is something a little state in him to be sure you're blivering but it is confined to his air and is not unbecoming I can now say with the housekeeper that those some people may call him proud I have seen nothing of it he was never more surprised than violence behavior to us it was more than simple it was really a team too and there was no necessity for such attention his acquaintance with Elizabeth was very trifling to be sure Lizzie said her hand he is not so men's and as a victim or rather he must not be the victim's criminal or his features are perfectly well but how can you tell me that he was so disobeyable Elizabeth excused herself as well as she could said that she had liked him better when they had met in Kent then before and that she had never seen him so pleasant as this morning but perhaps he may be a little whimsical in his civilities or plied around you are a great man off an hour and therefore I shall not take him at his work as he might change his mind another day and warn me off his grounds Elizabeth felt that they had entirely misunderstood his character but said nothing from what we have seen of him continued his lives now I really should not have thought that he could not be paid and so brutal away by anybody as he has done by four victims he has not been able to make a joke on a contrary there is something pleasing about his mouth when he speaks and there is something on dignity in his countings that would not give one an unfavorable idea of his heart but to be sure the good lady who showed us his house did give him the most flaming character I could hardly help laughing around sometimes but he is a liberal master I suppose and that in the eye of the servant he had to get a remerchant Elizabeth here felt herself called on to say something and vindication has behaved to Wicke and therefore gave them to understand in his guarded manner as she could that by what she had heard from his relations in Kent his actions were capable of a very different approach and had heard that by no means of problems there were weapons to serve you to be built and they had been defeated in hardship in confirmation of this she related the particular of all the peculiarity transactions in which they had been connected without actual naming her authority but stating it to be such a mighty delight This is our year as surprised and concerned but as they were now approaching the scene of her former focus every idea gave way to the charm of recollection and she was too much on a day to take the opportunity and she had all the regrets and the desire to take that opportunity out but he knew that she had been by the nine months they had no sooner dying than she said often getting a lot of different world-notchened opinions and the evening was thanks to the satisfaction that her nature first knew that the many were just to be us the adventures of the day were too full of interest to leave it live without much attention for anything all the revocations are in the public domain for more information or development here these visit live revocs stuff this reading and my gratitude pride and kindness by Jane Austen Kevin Elizabeth had settled in this red arse and brings his visit the very day after her new chambering and she was constantly dissolved not to be out of sight of the end of the whole of that morning but her conclusion was false for a very morning after her arrival at Lantern he's visitors came they've been walking about the place with some of their new friends and were just returning to the end of the dress themselves for dining with the same family when the sound of the carriage you go to the window and they saw a gentleman on the lead in a peripheral driving up the street Elizabeth immediately erected the cemetery against what had been it and departed no small degree of her surprise to her relations by equating them with the honor of which she expected her uncle and aunt were all amazement and the embarrassment of her manner as she spoke joined just the circumstances itself and many of the circumstances at the preceding day opened to them and you idea onto business nothing had ever suggested it before but they felt that there was no other way but only the such attention it's considered for her that by proposing her marriage challenge well these newly born notions were passing their heads the perturbation of Elizabeth's feelings was evident in her relationship she was quite amazed at her own disclosure but amongst other causes and disquiet she read it as the partiality of her version of St. George's favorite and more than commonly anxious to be able to understand the natural aspects that every power of pleasing the male male male male she retreated from the window fearful of being seen and as she walked up and down the room and devouring to the poiser itself saw such looks that inquirings her prize in her uncle and aunt has made everything worse Mr. Carson had her brother up here and this formidable introduction to the place with astonishment little as the sea that her new witness was at least as much embarrassed as herself since her being at Lampton she had heard that Mr. C. was exceedingly proud but the observation of a very few minutes convinced her that she was only exceedingly shy she found it difficult to obtain you know where the heart is Mr. C. was taught that she was not a long-awaited man and the little boy was sixteen her figure was formed and her appearance woman was just handsome and her brother and her husband and her husband and her husband and her husband and her husband and her husband and her husband and her husband they had not long been together before Mr. Darcy told her that Bingley was also coming to wait on her and she had barely time to express her satisfaction and prepare for such a visit her when Bingley's quick step was heard on the stairs in an moment and her room all Elizabeth's anger against him had been long and unaway but had she still felt any could hardly have stood its ground against the unaffected corgiality with which she expressed himself on seeing her again he inquired in a friendly, though general way after her family and looked and spoke with the same good mover he used that he had ever felt Mr. and Mrs. Gardner, he was scarcely less interesting personage that to herself they had long wished to see him the whole party before that indeed excited a lively attention the suspicion which had just arisen is the Darcy and her niece directed their observation towards each other and they soon drew from those inquiries the full conviction that one of them at least knew what it was to love of the ladies' sensations they remained a little endowed but that the gentleman was overflowing with that her racial and severed him out Elizabeth, on her side, was to do she wanted to ascertain the feelings of each other's the situation she wanted to be a loser and to make herself agreeable to all and in the latter object where she feared most to fail she was most sure of success for those to be never to give pleasure were pre-possessed in her favor Bingley was ready, Georgiana was eager and Darcy determined to be pleased in seeing Bingley her thoughts naturally flew to her sister and oh, how ardently did she long to know whether any of his were directed in a light manner sometimes she could fancy that he talked less than on former occasions and once her twice pleased herself with the notion that as he looked at her, he was trying to trace a resemblance but though this might be imaginary she could not be deceived as to his behavior to Miss Darcy who had been set up as a rival to Jane no look appeared on either side that spoke particular regard nothing occurred between them that could justify the hopes of his sister on this point she was soon satisfied and two or three little circumstances occurred, air they parted, which in her anxious interpretation do you know to direct a recollection of Jane not untingured by tenderness and a wish of saying more that might lead to the mention of her had he dared he observed her at a moment when the others were talking to you and didn't tell her which had something of real regret that it was a very long time since he had had the pleasure of seeing her and before she could reply he had it it was above eight months we have not met in the 26th of November when we were all dancing together at Netherfield Elizabeth was pleased to find his memory so exact and he afterwards took occasion to ask her when unattended to by any of the rest but they're all her sisters were a long way there was not much in the question or in the preceding remark but there was a look at a matter which gave them to me it was not often that she could turn her eyes on Mr. Darcy himself but whenever she did catch it glimpse she saw an expression of general complacence and in all that he said she heard an accident sort of moved from water or to stain of his companions as convinced her with the improvement of matters which she had yesterday witnessed however temporary its existence may prove at at least outlive one day when she saw him thus seeking the acquaintance according to the opinion any intercourse of him unsuitable within his grace when she saw him thus civil not only to herself but to the very relation as he had opened in his name and recollect him in the last light we see in his first speech the difference, the change, so great it struck so possibly unremind that you could hardly restrain her astonishment in the name of his own never even in the company of his dear friends at Netherfield were as dignified relations at bruising as she seen him so disastrous to pleans to free from self-conservance or unbending desire as now in no importance for result in success of his endeavors and when even the acquaintance of those didn't visit tensions were addressed would draw down the ridicule and censure of the ladies with a Netherfield and bruisingness their visitor stayed with them above half an hour and when they arose to the part Mr. Garcin Palman, this is where you join and expressing their wishes to see Mr. Garcin and respect to dinner at temporarily before the bell rang Mr. Garcin, the winner in the next part will look for a happy new year patience, Italy obeyed Mrs. Garcin or look at her niece his iris and her teeth and the engagement of the SIR help to speak in sentence and acceptance but Elizabeth is her presuming however that this study of witness is worth rather a number to embarrass her and dislike and see if it was her husband who is part of society a perfect willingness to accept it to menor and gain her parents and see if it may happen in the next weeks Bingley expressed great pleasure in the certainty of seeing Elizabeth again and being still at great deal to save to her and many inquiries to make after all her picture of friends Elizabeth, who is all this information that the MIRSPCC is pleased and of this account as well as others found herself with her visitors that people of considering will last half hour some satisfaction the while it has been joined as evidently literature eager to be alone and fearful of the infreaserance of a woman who stayed with her for a long time to hear her people will appear in a Bingley then her eager way to rest which had no reason to fear as to her in this regard her is very else it was not their wish to force her in the occasion it was evident that she was much better acquainted with this regard she even made before any idea of it was evident that he was very much in love with her and saw much to interest but nothing to justify of Mr. Darcy, who is called after a name's height and as far as there is witness reach there is no fault to find they could not be untouched by his playlists and had they drawn his character from their own feelings and his servants report without any reference to any other account the circle in her picture to which he was known would not have recognized it for Mr. Darcy there was now an interest, however, in believing now's keeper and they soon became sensible that the authority of a servant who had known him since he was four years old and whose own matters indicated respectability was not to be hastily rejected either had anything occurred in the intelligence of their laptop friends that could materially less of its weight they had nothing to accuse him of but pride pride he probably had and if not it would certainly be a huge burden by the inhabitants of a small market town where the family could not visit who is acknowledged for the land he was given with respect to Wickham the traveler soon found that he was not held there in much estimation for though the chief of his concerns with the son of his patron were imperfectly understood it was yet a well-known fact that on his quitting derby shirt he had left many debts behind him which Mr. Darcy afterwards discharged as for Elizabeth her thoughts were peppermint the same thing more than the last the evening though as it passed seem long was not long enough to determine her feelings towards one dimension and she lay away two whole hours endeavoring to make them out she certainly did not even no hatred had vanished long ago and she had almost as long been ashamed of ever feeling I dislike against her the respect for the fact that the fiction of his valuable qualities though it first unwillingly admitted and for some time ceased to be repugnant to her feeling and it was now heightened into somewhat of a friend who year nature by the testimony so highly in his favor and bringing forward his disposition and so amiable light which yesterday produced but above all above respected esteem there was a motive within her of good will which could not be overmoked it was gratitude gratitude not merely for having more love turn but for loving her still well enough to forgive all the petulants and acrobatic of her manner in rejecting her and all the unjust accusations accompanying her rejection he who shaked their sleep for a boy who was supposed to stand seemed on this accidental meeting and most eager to preserve the equities and without any indelic display of regard or any peculiarity of manner where their two selves only for concern was eliciting the good opinion of her friends and bent on making her know it in his sister such a change in a man of so much pride exciting thought for astonished gratitude for to love art and love it must be attributed and as such its impression on her was of a sort to be encouraged as by no means of pleasing though it could not be exacting defined she respected she esteemed she was grateful to him she felt her real interest in his welfare and she only wanted to know how far she wished that will have to depend upon herself and how far it would be for the happiness of both that she should employ the power which her fancy told her she's supposed to ask of bringing on her the renewal of his addresses it had been settled in the evening between the aunt and the niece that such a striking civility as Mr. Sees can come to see them on the very day of her arrival at Pemberley for she had reached it only to elect breakfast ought to be imitated though they got to be full by some exorcism of that son there side and consequently that it would be highly expedient to wait on her at Pemberley the following morning and were therefore to go Elizabeth was Phoenix though she asked herself the reason she had very little to say in the plot Mr. Gardner left them soon after breakfast the fishing scheme had the burden the day before and a positive engagement made up his beatings from the gentleman at Pemberley before name chapter 45 convinced as Elizabeth now was that Ms. Bingley's dislike of her and originated in jealousy she could not help feeling how unwell-comfortable appearance at Pemberley must be to her and was curious to know how much civility on that lady's side the acquaintance would now be renewed on reaching the house they were shown through the hall into the saloon whose northern aspect rendered it delightful for summer its windows opening to the ground and mitted a most refreshing view of the hide woody hills behind the house and of the beautiful oats and Spanish chestnuts which have a good view in this house they were seen by Ms. Darcy who was sitting there with Mrs. Hurst and Ms. Bingley and the lady who she lived in London George Annas reception of the most very civil but attended with all the embarrassment which though proceeding from shyness and appear doing calm but easily get to those and felt themselves inferior the belief of her being proud and deserved Mrs. Gardner and her niece will be in her justice and fitting her by Mrs. Hurst and Ms. Bingley who were noticed only by a prison and on their being seated a pause offered as such pauses and always be seen in her hand it was first heard by Mrs. Annsey who had taken to the real woman who's never introduced in the kind of discourse who could be more clearly well-bred than either of the others and between her and Mrs. Gardner who had taken her to the key for help and was a better husband and wife and she was a real man Mrs. Darcy who was introduced in the first 20 minutes and sometimes did ventral short sentence and the whole thing is to be more a lizard bit but some saw that she was himself was the watchman speaking and that she could not speak for her especially since I was in the South of Holland for attention this observation would not have prevented her from trying to talk to the latter and they not been seated at any of the media assistants but she was not sorry to be spared than this assistant she expected a moment that some of the gentlemen would enter the room she wished she feared that the master of the house might be amongst them and whether she wished or feared it most she could scare someone after sitting in this matter a quarter of an hour without hearing the screen reads voice Elizabeth was roused by her sitting from her the cold and prey after the health of her family she answered with equal indifference and brevity and the others said no more the next variation which benefited a four-day different spreaders by the entrance of service with cold meat, cake, and variety of all the finest fruits and season the this topic plays till after the music didn't have to be lost or out of the sense that she does first and will give it another her final round of post there is now employment for the whole party for the lake could not all talk they could all eat and the beautiful pyramids of grapes, snitching, and some creatures soon collected to the crowd with you well less engaged Elizabeth had a fair opportunity to decide if the weather she holds fear or wish her parents and his daughters by the few days of prevailed on the second and then the minimum of the war she would wish her to be gone she began to regret the key he had been some time with Mr. Gardner who was to work for the other gentleman from the house was engaged by the river and it left him only on learning the ladies of the family intended to visit to Georgia at that morning the sooner did he appear that Elizabeth wisely resolved to be perfectly easy the resolution for the rest of the day the rest of the day was not the most easy account because she saw that they suspected that the whole party were awake at the beginning and that there was scarcely an eye which did not watch his behavior in the first few days the no countenance was a tentative curiosity so strongly marked as in this big news in spite of the smiles which over spread her face whenever she spoke to one of its objects and her jealousy had not yet made her desperate and her attention to Mr. Gardner's legacy were by no means over this Darcy on her brother's entrance exerted herself much more to talk and Elizabeth saw that he was anxious for his sister and herself to get acquainted and forwarded as much as possible every attempt at conversation on either side this big way saw all this likewise and the impudence of anger to the first opportunity of saying this hearing disability pray this Elijah are not the blank sure militia removed from Maryton they must be a great gloss to your family in Darcy's presence she dared not mention who comes in but Elizabeth instantly comprehended that he was up for most of her thoughts and the Maryens' recollections connected with him and he heard the distress but he was already here so many years later and he felt he'd be able to take your attack and he visited answered the question that horrible detached her tone while she spoke and in voluntary glance she heard Darcy with a heightened impression, furnace we looking at and his sister overcome with confusion and unable to look up her eyes had misfiguredly no but means she was then giving her beloved threat she undoubtedly would have restrained her pain but she had nearly intended to disclose Elizabeth by bringing her the idea of a hand which will lead her to her home to make her betray as a civilian which might injure her in Darcy's opinion and perhaps remind the latter of all the fallies and absurdities that would some partner for family were connected with that force not a syllable had ever reached sure of as Darcy's meditated a local to no creature had it been revealed where secrecy was possible except to Elizabeth and from all big leaves connections her brother was particularly anxious to conceal it from the very wish which Elizabeth had long ago attributed to him under becoming her after her whole he had certainly formed such a plan and he felt meaning that it should affect his endeavor to separate him from the standard it is probable that it might add something whose livelihood can turn for the welfare of his friend Elizabeth's collective behavior over seemed quite a busy lecture and as mispingly next time there's not a closure to wicked Georgiana also recovered in time but not enough to be able to speak anymore her brother, whose eyes she feared to meet, scarcely recollect her interest in the affair and the very circumstance which had been designed to turn his thoughts from Elizabeth seemed to to fix them on her mourn and more carefully there a visit did not continue long after the question that answered her bell-punched and while Mr. Darcy was attending them to their carriage this beingly was venting her feelings in criticisms on Elizabeth's person, the behavior and dress the Georgiana the doctor her brother's recommendation was enough to ensure her favor his judgment could not air and he had spoken at such terms of Elizabeth as to leave Georgiana without the power of finding her otherwise the lovely and avial the Darcy returned to the saloon as bigly could not help repeating to him some part of when she had been saying to his sister a very ill-nessalyze event looks this morning Mr. Darcy she cried I never in my life saw anyone so much alter this she is since the winter she has grown so brown in course Louisa and I were agreeing that we should not have known her again however little Mr. Darcy might have liked such an address he contented himself with wholly replying that he perceived no other alteration that her bringing rather tan no miraculous consequence of traveling in the summer for my own part she rejoined I must confess that I never could see any beauty in her her faces to thin her complexion has no brilliance and her features are not at all handsome her nose wants character there is nothing marked in its lines her teeth are tolerable when not out of the common way and as for her eyes which have sometimes been called so fine I could never see anything extraordinary in them they have a sharp shrewish look to do not like it all and in her air altogether there is a self-sufficiency without fashion which is intolerable per-sway to dismiss beingly was that Darcy admired Elizabeth this was not the best method of recommending herself but angry people are not always wise and it's seeing him at last look somewhat vevel she had all the success she expected who is reasonably silent however and from a determination of making him speak she continued I remember when we first knew her in her culture how amazed we all were to find that she's a reputed beauty and I particularly recollect your saying one night after they had been dining at another field she abutty I should have soon called her mother a wit but afterwards she seemed to improve on you I believe you thought her rather pretty at one time yes replied Darcy who could contain himself no longer but that was only when I first saw her for it as many months since I considered her as one of the handsomeest woman of life he then went away and this beingly was left to all the satisfaction of having forced him to say what he even no one any pain but herself this is Gardner and Elizabeth talked of all that had occurred during that her visit as the return except when in particular it was interest of both the look and behavior of everybody they had seen were discussed except of the person who had mostly engaged their attention they talked of his sister his friends his house his fruit of everything by himself yet Elizabeth was longing to know what this is Gardner thought of him and Mrs Gardner would have been highly gratified by her nieces beginning this subject and of chapter 45 recorded March 4th 2006 in Bishop California this is Elizabeth Oxford all Elizabeth Oxford are in the public domain for more information are to volunteer please go to Librevox.org recorded by EFACCURRIT pride and prejudice by Jane Austen chapter 46 in 47 chapter 46 Elizabeth had been a good deal to support it in that point in a letter for Jane on their first arrived at Blomdor and this to support meant had been renewed on each of the mornings that had now been spent there but on the third her repigning was over and her sister justified by the receipt of two letters from her at once on one of which was marked that it had been misced elsewhere Elizabeth was not surprised at it as Jane had written the direction remarkably ill they had just been preparing to walk as the letters came in and her uncle and aunt leaving her to enjoy them quiet set off by themselves the one misced must first be attended to it had been written five days ago the beginning contained an account of all their little parties and engagements with such news as the country afforded but the latter half which was dated a day later and written an evident agitation gave more important in intelligence it was to this effect since writing the above during this busy something has occurred of the most unexpected and serious nature but I'm afraid of alarming you here's short that we are over what I have to say relates to all you do an expressed criminal trial last night just as we were all gone to bed from colour four star to inform us that she was going to be with one of his uncles to own the truth with wicked imagine our supplies to kitty however it does not seem so wholly unexpected I'm very very sorry so improved into match on both sides but I am willing to hope the best and that his character has been misunderstood forklift and industry I can easily believe him but this step and let us rejoice Mark's nothing but a target his choice is this interested at least for him must know my father can give her nothing or poor mother or sadly my father bears her better and half thankful I am that we never let them know what has been said against him we must forget it ourselves they were off Saturday night at about 12 as his injection which we noticed at two guests a day morning at eight the express was sent off directly my dear Lizzy they must have passed within ten miles of us Colonel Forstrum gives us reason to expect him here soon Little elected few lines for his wife informing him of the way of tension I must be tuned for I can't be long for my poor mother I'm afraid you will not be able to make it out but I hardly know what I have written without allowing herself time for consideration I'm sparsely knowing what she felt Elizabeth unthinishing this little girl unthinishing this letter instantly sees the other and opening it with the utmost impatience Greta Spombs It happened and David became a crucial first By this time my dear sister you have received my herid letter I wish this making more intelligent but don't worry about my heart my head is so bewildered that I cannot answer for being coherent Dear Lizzy I hardly know what I would write but I have bad news for you and it can't be done If we lose a marriage between Mr. Wippin and our poor Lydia would be we are now anxious to be ashamed to just take it first for those who are torturing me and not torturing me Colonel Forstrum came yesterday having left bright in the day before not many hours after the express Though Lydia's short letter to Mrs. F gave them to understand that they were going to Gretna Green Something was dropped by Denny expressing his belief that W never intended to go there Artumary Lydia at all which was repeated to Colonel F who instantly taking the alarm set off from being intending to trace their root He did trace them easily to clap but no further For on entering that place they removed into a happily coach and dismissed the shades that brought them from Epsom All that is known after this that they were seen to contain all London Road I know not what to think After making every post-winning query on that side London Colonel F came on into Hufffordshire I actually see renewing them at all the turnpipes and at the ends of Barnerton Hufffield but with her dennystit says no such people have been seen to pass through with the pines to kiss her and he came up to London a broke us up with the bitches and a violent gross regretting on his heart I have seen two people who are in the house of the London people and blame I distress my dear Lizzy this very great my father I am still trying to stop so ill Many circumstances might make a more emotional to go to Marry five of the entire that you pursue the first one and even if you could walk such a dissonance against the young woman of Lydia's connections which is not likely how I suppose her so lost to the woman that you can possibly find however but Colonel F is not disposed to depend upon the marriage he should kiss headlikes for her who is not said he threw the double ear was not allowed to be trusted my poor mother is really ill and keeps her room I am just a problem I never have my life so busy poor pity has anger for having continued to touch it but the assist was a matter of confidence but cannot wonder I am truly glad to be a Lizzy that you have been spared something of these distressing scenes but now as the first shock is over I shall own that I long for you return I am so selfish I am so selfish if inconvenient I take up my panic and do what I have just told you I would not but circumstances are such that I cannot help earnestly begging you all to come here as soon as possible I know my dear uncle not all so well that I am not afraid of the question but I have still something more to ask with the fool my father is going to London with Colonel Forster instantly to try to discover her what he means to do I am sure I am not but his excessive distress will not allow him to pursue any measure in the best to complete the brain but Colonel Forster is obliged to be a bright and again tomorrow evening in such an exigence my uncle's advice and assistance will be everything in the world he will immediately comprehend the Bible's view and I will rely upon his goodness oh well why are you so happy why are you so happy I am not a good person I am not a good person even if you follow me without using a moment of the time of the session if I should look to the girl if you are going to find her I have failed to face in a country with my remaining fault and before you could recover himself to speak she was a part of the idea of super-student or media situation based in the extent I have left you pardon for my misleading I must find you to guard the other moment or the other moment oh this is the moment and good God what is the matter right he with more feeling than brightness then recollecting himself I will not detain you a minute but let me or let the servant go after me this is bad you are not well enough to go yourself and this is a hesitated but her knees scrambled under her and she felt her little would be gained by her attempt to pursue them calling back the servant therefore she commissioned him row in so reckless and absent of made her almost an intelligence she fetched his master in this first home instantly on his quitting the room she sat down on a religious portrait and looking so miserably ill that it was impossible for the darsuit to leave her art to refrain from saying in a tone of gentleness and commiseration let me call your maid is there nothing you could take to give you presently a glass of wine shall I get you one you are very ill you are thank you she will find and devraint with other person there is nothing the master with me she is very ill she is very ill she is very ill she burst into tears she would and for humans could not speak another but she would not speak another but only say something indistinct to your husband's servant and observe her who can crush her his own at length she spoke again I have just heard her work it is a straightforward news it cannot be concealed from anyone my youngest sister is left with all her friends so we are good her servant is the power of her master they are gone off together from writer you know him too well to doubt the rest she has no money no can of she is very ill she is the worst forever thank you darsuit is fixed in a staunch route but I consider she added in the yet more agitated voice but I might have prevented it I what he was how did I explain some part of it some part of what I learned my own family how does current you have been known this could have not happened but it is all all too late now I am reaved indeed quite dark see reaved shot after a few certain yes they left writing together on Sunday and what was almost but not beyond they are certainly not going to spread and what has been done what has been attempted to recover my father was gone to London and Jane is written to beg my uncle's immediate assistance and we shall be off I hope in half an hour but nothing can be done I know very well that nothing can be done how is such a man and what dog I think we can be discovered but I have lost so many hours to go it is every very horrible darsuit should be spread in silent at the essence when my eyes were open to this real character oh how do I know what I want but I dare to I just need oh she's mistaken darsuit made no answer he seems scarcely to hear her and was walking up and down the room the earliest meditation his brow contract his air being and his lips seem absurd and it seems absurd her power is sinking everything will sink on such a secret family such a shunny she could be the wonder not you dare but the belief of his self-confidence of nothing can solve it to the person there are four no-paratation of her disperse it was our action exactly calculated to make her understand her own wishes and never had she so honest and felt that she could have loved her as now when all love must be vain but self though it's not it's not a good idea that we can be rich and we can be rich it's not a good idea it's not a good idea and covering her face with her magic Elizabeth was soon lost in the works and after a pause of several weeks it was only the first in a sense of situation by the voice of her people who were in a marital witch who was completely after a small cryo of the scant so I'm afraid you have been wrong and wrong in the society my heart has lost nor have I ever been to Peter excuse me to stay but we will go unarraded you take her to the anywhere if you have said or done on my phone but might all her consolation to such a person but I would mention not with the very relationship which makes me purposely to ask for your words this unfortunate affair will appear to rent my sisters having the pleasure of seeing it and knowing it oh yes, these are kind of the phalgias for us to pause so that all your business causes for me to be concealed unharpentry as long as it is possible I know it cannot be wrong and that relationship is again, I'm exposed to sorrow for credit stress and you should have a couple of things when you were in prison and you live with that patient without the mon� Pretty you are where you are know well I mean trying to endure What is here you are known so well I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. I'm not going to say anything about that. Oh, I won't be able to open a large one because of it. It hasn't really come around so many times. But now I've tons of old to mention for certain touch and delays. She might accept this for huge trials, 11 months after it's already been completed. Sometimes it's much more natural. But I've made expect from the small things you don't have spilling. But I'm not going to look after you though. And I'm going to come with the Incredible! She had another perceived her arrangement because of her picture. That's a video of any partial algebra. But she was convinced that you were doing wrong. Sometimes another had been a thing, as there are times she's raised in her room. Her affection took me to the middle of the portrait, but never would bother object. The mischievous neglecting is taking the dog's words of the girl. Oh, how a cute little child he had. She was well aware of the way to hear to see a cute mother's fault of the shadow. The close and small girl. In a father he's so deranged. The father helps him. A mother who played for the whole situation. She had a father and constant intelligence. After almost persuaded about helping her get down from the radio, her unmasked feelings seemed of the utmost importance. And she was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so sad to have her child. But the star was found in the Institute of Art, she eagerly committed to the cause of their summits. Meeting her two letters about, and dwelling on the control of the vastness of the triangle and the cheek. The video of a mother. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. She was so happy to have her child. But what is to be done about Pembovi? Cried Mrs. Gargoyle. John told us this to do a serious case. Was it so? Yes, and I told you we should not be able to keep our engagement. That is all settled. If the gift is all settled, repeated the other issue ran into the world for her. And are there a place which terms us for her to disclose the real truth? Oh, that I knew how it was. But wishes were vain. Or at least could only serve to a user in the hurry and confusion with following hour. How did this be between a pleasure to be idle? She would have remained certain that all employment is impossible to once so you left your child yourself. But she had a share of business with her as a odd. And amongst the rest, no one notes from the rhythm to all the friends of London, which thoughts excuses for the sudden departure. And hour, however, saw the whole being heated. A Mr. Gargoyle, the meanwhile having settled for a second, nothing remained to be done but to go. And Elizabeth, I was always three of the one. Fanned herself in a shorter space of time that she could have been so forced, seated in the courage and on the road too long ago. End of chapter 4 to 6. Recording by infecord. This is a reverberate recording. All reverberate recordings are in the couple to name. For more information or drawn to your face visit with regards to all. Reading by any comment in the Savior's Missouri on January 9, 2006. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 47. I have been thinking of what Elizabeth said her on how as they drove from the town. And the Missouri, I am much more inclined than I have heard, to judge as well as the sister goes on the matter. But appears to me so very unlikely that any young man should come such a consign, a good superhero who was finally in his own perspective both friendless. And who was actually staying in his personal family. That I am strongly inclined to hope the best. For me, the strength that her friends and not said poorly could be expressed to be noticed again by the regiment, at her such an affrage to Colonel Forster. His temptation is not adequate to the risk. Do you really think so? Pride Elizabeth, frightening up for a moment? A call in my word, send Mrs. Gardiner. I begin to be of your own cause of opinion. It is really too great a violation of decency, honor and interest for him to be guilty of. I cannot think so very ill of Wickham. Can you yourself Lizzie so only give him up as to believe in capable of it? Not perhaps in neglecting his own interest. But of every other neglect I can believe in capable. If indeed it should be so, but I dare not focus. Why should they not go on this island that had been the case? In the first place, before I Mr. Gardiner, there is no absolute truth that they are not going to stop living. All that they are removing from the shades into a hackney coat, such a presumption. And besides, no tracing is then more to be found on the barn of the road. All then, suppose in them to be a mother. They may be there, so for the purpose of concealment, for no more exceptional purpose. It is not likely that money should be very abundant on either side, and it might strengthen to take a more economically so let's expeditiously marry than one day than this problem. But one of the stickers, a lot of you fear of protection, one must emerge behind it. Oh, no, no, this is not likely. This makes particular friends, if I can't be found, this persuaded of his never-ending to marry her. But the more never married or woman without some money, cannot afford it. And must play in his husband's world, not attraction has sheed beyond you. Help, and good humor that can make him, for her stay, for though every chance it benefits a new soul-finary love. As to what restrained the apprehensions of disgrace in the poor might throw on a dishonorable and more of a curse, I'm not able to tell you. I'm looking at the effects that such a step can I produce. But as you are the objection, I am afraid it will hard-wing hold to it. Lydia has no brother's to step forward, and he might imagine, for my father's behavior, from his influence, and a little attention he has ever seen to give what was going forward in his family, that he would do as little, and think as little about it as any father can do, so to matter. If you think about Lydia is so wrong, everything that's wrong with him has been taken with him on any terms of it in marriage, it does seem, and it is much shocking in the world that the new man and I are living in the middle of the city. She's very important to protect her health to admit that that, but really, I know not what to say, but helps her not being her daughter. Oh, that's a very young man. He has never been talking about serious subjects, and for the last half year, May 1, 12 months, she has been given up to nothing but amusement and vanity. She has been allowed to dispose of her time in the most idle and frivolous manner, until it docked any opinions that came in her way. Since the blind sheer refers to order in marriage, nothing but love, rotation and officers have been in her head. She has been doing everything in her power by thinking and talking on the subject to give greater, more shall I call it, theceptic village of her field, which are naturally lively and out. But you see the Jane, said her arm, does not think so very ill of Wickham as to believe in capable of you. A queen is Jane everything fell, and who is there? Whatever might be their former condo that she would be capable of such an attempt to let her prove against them. But Jane knows as well as I do, what with them really is. We both know that he has been profited from every sense of the word, that he has neither integrity nor honor, that he is as false and deceitful as he is insinuating. And do you really know all this? Pride Mrs. Gardiner, whose curiosity has been lowered over a hundred and six years old or lie? I do indeed, replied Elizabeth coloring. I told you the other day of his infamous behavior from Mr. Garcia, and he or herself, when last at Longborn, heard in what manner he spoke of the man who had behaved with such barbarians in the morality towards. And there are other circumstances which I am not at liberty, which it is not worthwhile to relate, but his lies about the whole canvily family are endless. From what he said of Mr. Garcia, I was thoroughly prepared to see a proud, reserved, disagreeable girl, yet he or new to the contrary himself. He must know that she was as amyful and unpertending as we have found her. But does Lydia know nothing of this? Can she be ignorant of what you and Jane seem so well to understand? Oh yes, that is the words of all. Till I was in pain and saw so much both of Mr. Garcia and his relation Colonel Fitzwilliam, I was ignorant of the truth myself. And when I returned home, the blank sheer was to leave Mariton in a week or fortnight time. As that was the case, neither Jane to whom I related the whole nor I, but it necessary to make our knowledge public. Or what use could it apparently be for anyone, that the good opinion in which all the neighborhood had a fin should then be overthrown. And even when it was settled that Lydia should go with Mrs. Gorschtert, in the necessity of opening her eyes to his character never occurred to me. That sheet could be in any danger from the deception never entered my head. That such a consequence as this could ensue, you may easily believe, is far enough for my acts. When they're all in the corruption, therefore you had no reason I suppose to leave them behind to each other. Not the slightest. I can remember no symptom of affection on either side, and had anything of the kind in perceptible, you must be aware that hours is not a family on which it could be thrown away. When he first sent to the court, she was ready enough to admire her, but still we all were. Every girl in the world knew Mariton without a person's is about him for the first two months, but he never distinguished her by any particular attention. And consequently, after a moderate period of extravagant and wild admiration, her fancy from him day-fuy, and others of the regiment, he treated her with more distinction, again became her favorites. It may be easily believed that however little of novelty could be added to their fears, hopes, and conjectures on this interesting subject by its repeated discussion, no other could detain them from it long during the whole of the journey. From a little bit in thoughts, it was never absent. Fixed there by the keenest of all anguish, self-reproach, she could find no interval of ease or forgetfulness. They traveled as expeditiously as profitable, and sleeping one night on the road, reached long-born by dinner time the next day. It was a comfort to live in it, instead of the pain, the amount of experience I lost was a bit. The little hard ones attracted by the sights of a shade, whose standing on the steps of the house is the enter of the cat. And when the carriage drove up to the door, the joyful surprise that lighted up their faces and displayed itself over their whole bodies, in a variety of papers and prists, was the first pleasing earnest of their welcome. Elizabeth jumped out and after giving each of them a hasty kiss, hurried into the vestibule, where Jane, who came running down from her mother's apartment, immediately met her. Elizabeth, as she affectionately embraced her, whilst tears filled the eyes above, lost not a moment in asking whether anything had been heard of the fugitives. Not yet, for pledging, but now that my dear uncle is calm, I hope everything will be well. Is my father in town? Yes, he went on Tuesday as I wrote you word, and have you heard from him often? We have heard only twice. He wrote me a few lines on Wednesday to say that he had arrived in safety, and to give me his directions, which I particularly begged him to do. He merely added that he should not write again, so he had something of importance to mention. And my mother, how will she? How are you all? My mother is tolerably well, I trust, but her spirits are greatly shaken. She is upstairs, and will have great satisfaction seeing you all. She did not yet leave her dressing room. Mary and Kooting thank Heaven are quite well. But you, how are you, pride in Elizabeth? You look pale. How much you must have gone through? Her sister, however, assured her, being perfectly well, and the conversation which had been passing on this group in the morning, and she said, I'm engaged with that children. She has taken into a good fortune where I had heard it. Bain, Graham, to her uncle and her uncle, and welcome to thank them both with alternate smiles and tears. When they were all in the drawing room, the questions which Elizabeth had already asked were of course repeated by the others, and they soon found that Jane had no intelligence to give. The sanguine hope of good, however, which the benevolence of her heart suggested had not yet deserted her. She still expected that it would all end well, and that every morning would bring some letter, either from Lydia or her father, to explain their proceedings, and perhaps, and on their marriage. Mrs. Bennett, to use a part-mint they all repaired after a few minutes conversation together, received them exactly as might be expected. With tears and lamentations of regret, invectives against the villainous conduct of Wickham, and complaints of her own sufferings and ill usage, blaming everybody but the person to use ill judging indulgence, for errors of her daughter must principally be owing. If I had been able, said she, to carry my point and going to brighten with all my family, this would not have happened, before dear Lydia had nobody to take care of her. Why did the forces ever let her go out of their sight? I am sure there was some great neglect or other on their side, but she is not the kind of girl to do such a thing if she had been well looked after. I always thought they were very unfit to have the charger her. But I was overruled as I always am, poor dear child, and now if you're a sister Bennett gone away. And I know he will fight Wickham, wherever he meets him, and then he will be killed, and what is to become of us all? The Collins' will turn us out before he is called in his grave, and if you are not kind to us, brother, I do not know what we shall do. They all exclaimed against such terrific ideas, and Mr. Gardener, after General Assurance's inspection for her and all her family, told her that he meant to be in London the very next day, and would assist Mr. Bennett in every endeavor for recovering Lydia. To not give way to useless alarm, Editing, though it is right to be prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain. It is not quite a week since they left Brighton. And if you days more, we may gain some news of them, and so we know that they are not married, and have no design of marrying, you not let us give it matter over as lost. As soon as I get to town, I shall go to my brother, and make him come home with me to Grace Church Street, and then we make him sell together as to what is to be done. Oh, my dear brother, replied Mrs. Bennett. That is exactly what I could most wish for, and now do when you get to town, find them out wherever they may be, and if they are not married already, make them marry. And as for wedding clothes, do not let them wait for that, but tell Lydia she shall have as much money as she chooses to buy them after they are married. And above all, keep Mr. Bennett from fighting. Tell him what a dreadful state I am in that I am frightened of my whits and have such trembleings, such fluttering all over me. Such spasm is in my side and pains in my head, and such beatings at heart, I can get no rest by night, well by day, and tell my dear Lydia not to give any direct to me by the way, she can see me. But she does not know which are the best warehouses. Oh brother, how kind you are. I know you will confide at all. But Mr. Gardiner, though he assured her again of his earnest endeavors in the cause, could not avoid recommending moderation to her, as well in her hopes as her fear. And after talking with her in the can, she did not understand her favor. They all left her to vent all her feelings from her husband for, who attended in the absence of her daughters. Though her brother and sister were persuaded that there was no relocation for such a seclusion from the family, they did not attempt to oppose it. For they knew that she had not proven enough to hold her tongue before the servants, while they waited at table, and judged it better that one only of the household, and the one whom they could most trust, should comprehend all her fears and solicitude on the subject. In the dining room, they were soon joined by Mary and Kitty, who had been too busy engaged in their separate apartments to make their appearance before. One came from her books and the other from her toilet. The faces of both, however, were tolerably calm, and no change was visible in either, except that the loss of her favorite sister, who had been a member of the family, had given more of trustfulness than usual. To the accents of Kitty. As for Mary, she was mistracing up herself to whisper to Elizabeth, and the countenance of grave reflection, soon after they were seen in a table. This is a most unfortunate affair, and will probably be much talk-to of, but we must stem the tide of malice, and pour into the wounded bosoms of each other, the balm of sisterly conservation. Then, perceiving in Elizabeth no inclination of replying, she added, unhappy as the event must be for Lydia, we may draw from it this useful lesson, that lost a virtue in a female is irretrievable, that one who falls step, involves her in endless ruin, that her reputation is no less brittle than it is beautiful, and that she cannot be too much guarded in her behavior towards the undeserving of the other sex. Elizabeth lifted up her eyes into maismans, but was too much oppressed to make any reply. Mary, however, continued to console herself with such kind of moral extractions from the evil before them. In the afternoon, the two elder mispennits were able to be for half an hour by themselves, and Elizabeth instantly availed herself of the opportunity of making any inquiries, which Jane was equally eager to satisfy. After joining in general lamentations over the dreadful sequel of this event, which Elizabeth considered as all of its certain, and mispen it could not assert to be wholly impossible, the former continued the subject by saying, but tell me all and everything about it which I have not already heard, give me further particulars, what do Colonel Forster say, had they no apprehension of anything before the elotment took place? They must have seen them together forever. Colonel Forster did own that he had often suspected some partiality, especially on Lydia's side, but nothing to give him any alarm. I am so grieved for him. This behavior was attentive and fine to the utmost. He was coming to us in order to assure us of his concern, before he had any idea of their not being wrong as often. When that effemgency first got abroad, the case in his journey. And his denies convinced that with him were not married, did he know that they are in a need of a law, and Colonel Forster seemed anything to us. Yes, but when questioned by him, Denny denied knowing anything of their funds, and when not given his real opinion about it, he did not repeat his persuasion of their not marrying, and from that I am quite a hope he might have been misunderstood before, until Colonel Forster came himself, and that one of you entertained about our suppose of their being really married. How is it possible that such an idea could enter our brains? I felt a little uneasy, a little fearful of my sister's happiness with him in marriage, because I knew that his conduct had not been always quite right. My father and mother knew nothing of that. They only felt how imprudent a match it must be. Kitty then owned with a very natural triumph on knowing more than the rest of us. That in Lydia's last platter she had prepared her for such a step. She had known it seems of their being in love with each other many weeks. But not before they went to Brighton? No, I believe not, and the Colonel Forster appeared to think well of with himself, does he know his real character? I must confess that he did not speak so well of with him, as he formerly did. He believed him to be imprudent and extravagant, and since the sad affair has taken place, it is said that he left Maryton greatly in debt, but I hope this may be false. Oh, Jane, had we been less secret, can we told what we knew of him, this could not have happened? Perhaps it would have been better for Puy her sister, but to expose the former fault of any person without knowing what their present feelings were, seemed unjustifiable, we acted with the best intention, could the new Forster repeat the particular of Lydia's note of the one? He brought it with him for us to see. Jane then took it from her pocketbook and gave it to Elizabeth. He is for the contents. My dear, Gary, you will laugh when you know where I am gone, and I cannot tell Flafing myself at your surprise tomorrow morning, as soon as I am missed, I am going to Gregg and a Green, and I cannot guess with you, I shall thank you for simple tin, for there is but one man in the world I love, and he is the end for that. I should never have it without him. So think in no harm to be off, you need not send them more than long-born of my going, if you do not like it, for we'll make the surprise the greater when I write to them, and sign my name, Lydia Wichdon. What a good joke it will be, I can hardly write the laughing. Pray, make my excuses to crack for not keeping my engagement, and dancing with him tonight. Tell me my hope he will excuse me when he knows all, and tell him I will dance we can at the next fall we meet with Gregg Clutter. I shall send to my clothes when I get to Longborn, but I wish he would tell Sally to mend a great slip and I work to most of them down before they have packed up. Goodbye, give my love to Kermit Horsesaw, I hope he will drink for a good journey. Your affection and friend, Lydia Bennett. Oh, thoughtless, thoughtless Lydia, cried Elizabeth when she had finished it. What a letter is this to be written at Second Moment, but at least it shows that she was serious on the subject of their journey. Whatever he might afterwards persuade her to, it was not on her side a scheme of enemy. My poor father, how he must have felt it. I never saw anyone so shocked, I think it could not be for a full 10 minutes. My mother was taken ill immediately, and the whole house is such confusion. Oh, Jane, Fred Elizabeth, was there a servant belonging to it who did not know the whole story before the end of the day? I do not know, I hope there was, let's be guarded at such a time, as very difficult. My mother was in hysterics, and no I endeavor to give her every assistance in my powers. I am afraid I did not do so much as I might have done, but the score of what might possibly happen almost took me from my faculties. Who attended upon her has been too much for you. You do not look well. Oh, that I had been with you. You have had every care and anxiety upon yourself alone. Marion Kitty has been very kind, and what have shared in every fatigue I am sure. But I did not think it right for either of them. Kitty is a slight indelligant, and Mary studies so much that her hours of her clothes should not be broken in awe. My aunt Phillips came along for an untuesday after my father went away, and was so good as to stay till Thursday with me. She was a great use and comfort to us all, and Lady Lucas had been very kind. She walked here on Wednesday morning to condole with us, and offered her services or any of her daughters, if they should be of use to us. She had better have stayed at home, cried Elizabeth. Perhaps she meant well, but under such a misfortune as this, one cannot see too little of one's neighbors. A system is impossible, condolence and sufferable. Let them triumph over us at a distance and be satisfied. She then proceeded to inquire into the measures which her father had intended to proceed, while in town, for the recovery of his daughter. He meant, I believe, replied Jane, to go to Epstein, the place where they last changed horses, see the post-dillions, and try if anything could be made out from them. His principal object must be to discover the number of the Hackney Coach, which took them from Clatham. It had come with a fair from London, and has seek off the disperpum stance of a gentleman and a lady through moving from one carriage into another, might be remarked, he meant to make inquiry the classroom. If he could anyhow discover at what house the Coachman had before set down his fair, he determined to make inquiry spare, and looked at might not be impossible to find out the stand and number of the Thursday. I do not know of any other designs that he had formed, but he was as such a great thing to be found. It was very, very, very, so greatly discomposed. But I had difficulty in finding out even so much as this, and the chapter for the second, chapter 48. The whole party were in hopes of a letter from Mr. Bennett the next morning, but the post came in without bringing a single line from him. His family knew him to be on all communications, a most negligent and military correspondent, but at such a time they had hoped for exertion. They were forced to conclude that he had no pleasing intelligence to send, and even a laugh they wouldn't have been glad to be served to him. Mr. Gardiner had only waited for the letters before he set up. When he was gone, they were certain at least of receiving constant information of what was going on. And their uncle promised, at parting, to prevail on Mr. Bennett to return the long-born, a sinister crew to the break on Solution of this sister. Who considered it as the only security for her husband not being killed in a duel. Mrs. Gardiner and the children were to remain in heart for chair a few days longer, as the former thought her presence might be serviceable to her nieces. She shared in their attendance a Mrs. Bennett and was a great comfort to them in their hours of free. Their other arms, he was always on all ways, as she said, with the design of cheering and partnering them up. Though as she never came without reporting some fresh instant of wickens, its strappings, or irregularity, she seldom went away without leaving them more distributed than she found them. All Americans, who strive to blast in the man and who, but three months before, had been all the way to the angel of life. He was declared to be in bed for every 13 in the place, and his intrigues, all honored with the title of seduction, had been extended into every phraseman's family. Everybody declared that he was the quickening to the man and the world. And everybody began to find out that they had always disrupted the appearance of his goodness. Elizabeth, who had not credited about half, will instead be believed to have to make her fall out of the string of her sister's ruin, more certain. And he can gain who believes still less of it, became almost hopeless. More especially as the time was now come when, if they had gone to Scotland, which she had never, more entirely despair. But they were something with them. Mr. Gardiner left Longborn on Sunday, and she stayed, whose wife received a letter from me. They told them that, on his arrival, he had immediately found out his brother, and persuaded him to come to Grace Church Street. It must've been it had been the Episcopment in Boston before he arrived at, but without gaining any satisfactory information. And that news now became into an fire at all the principal hotels in town, as Mr. Benithauded possible that might come from, to one of them, from their first coming to London, before they procured lodgings. Mr. Gardiner himself, not expressed any success from his message, but as he felt a little weaker in it, he met to his assistant in pursuing it. He added that Mr. Benithauded seemed totally disemointed as if he lived on the, and promised to write again very soon. There was also a post-spirited visit that, and I'm addressing the criminal course for, to rely on the funder, to offer some of the young men's ideas from the Western know, and I don't know if I must any relationship with the next one. He'll be right there to know what's her account. He has now concealed himself. If there were anyone that wanted to apply to the probability of gaining such a coup of fact, it might be of a central country, but presently we have nothing to guide us. From a forced or will, I dare say, to everything in his power to satisfy us on his head. But on second thought, perhaps easy to tell us what relation he has now lived better than any other person. Elizabeth was at no loss to understand somewhere this difference to her also or due to seated, but it was not in the power to give any information of so status factor and nature as the compliment he heard. She had never heard of this happened had any relations, except the father and mother. Both of whom had been dead many years. It was possible, however, to see what the opinion would be like, sure, might be able to ignore the information. And then she was not very sad when he expected the application was a something full of truth. Every day at Longborn is now a day of anxiety. But the most anxious part of each was when the post was expected. The arrival of letters is a brand object of every morning's information. Who letters, whatever of truth or that is to be heard, they're completely familiar with it. And every city in May, it's likely to be some reason important. But the four people were again from his department, a letter arrived to their father, from a different quarter from Mr. Collins, which, as Jane had received their eruptions, opened all that came for him and his absence, she accordingly read, and Elizabeth, who knew what curiosity to letters were, looked over there and read it like wise. It was as follows. My dear sir, I feel myself called upon by our relationship and my situation in life, to can go with you on the previous reflection you are now suffering under, of which we were yesterday informed by a letter from heart to true. Be assured, my dear sir, that Mrs. Collins and myself seem to be sympathized with you and all your respectable family and your present distress, which must be a big bitterest part, because proceeding from a heart is said, which no time can renew. No arguments shall be wanted on my heart that can alleviate so severe on this fortune. But if my comfort you, under certain stance, that must be of all others, the most afflicting to a parent's mind. The death of your daughter would have been a blessing in comparison to this, and it is more to be lamented, because there is reason to suppose that my dear Charlotte informs me that this my sentuism is a behavior in your daughter as proceeded from a heart-feet degree of indulgence. Though, at the same time, I will not consider it from your self and Mrs. Bennett. I am in fine to think that her own disposition must be naturally bad or she could not be guilty of such an enormity. That's so early in age. How so will that maybe you are previously to be fitty? In which opinion I am not only joined by Mrs. Collins, but like once by Lady Catherine and her daughter, she will never have related to your fair. The way that we look at you and after having a good thought step in one daughter, they be inferienced with the fortune already ever. For duty as Lady Catherine herself, on the Sunday night says, looking at themselves is such a family. And this consideration, makes me more over to reflect on mental satisfaction. On a certain event of last November, for had it been otherwise, I must have been involved in all of your sorrow and disgrace. Let me then advise you, Your sir, to control yourself as much as possible, to throw off your unworthy child from your affection forever, and leave her to reach the fruits of her own, being as exact as that. I am, Your sir, etc., etc. Mr. Diana, you are not right then, when you are at the same time, you are not forced to look at her. And then you had nothing of a pleasant nature to send. It was not known that the victim had a single relationship between the kept up and the connection. And it was such an enemy that nobody would know. His sorrow, for you can say, has been numerous. But since he had been in the militia, it did not appear that he was on terms of particular friendship with any of them. There was no one, therefore, who could be put about that likely to be any music. And in the rest of the day, of his own finances, there was a very powerful motor for secrecy, and addition to his fear of the stability of the relationship. For headless and fired, that he had left the gaming debts behind him to a very considerable amount. How forced to believe that more than a thousand pounds between us is very clear of his expectations that's right in. The owed a good deal in town, but his debts and honor were still more formidable. This could burden him, but he did not attempt to conceal these particular from the long-born family. James heard them before. A game-strum, she cried. This is wholly unexpected. I've had not my idea of it. Mr. Gardiner added in his letter that the mind-expect to see their father at home on the following day with his Saturday. Brenda's spirit was, by the illicit steps of older endeavors, he had given to his brother and mom's injury. A few of her parents gave her a hand. A new victim and a new do what a vocation makes to jobs for the advice of them for continuing their pursuit. When Mrs. Bennett was told of this, she did not express so much satisfaction as her children expected, considering what her anxiety for his life had been before. Perhaps as he coming home and without poor Lydia, she cried. Sure he will not leave London before he has found them, who is to fight with them, and they can marry her if he comes away. As Mrs. Gardiner began to wish to be at home, it was settled that she and the children should go to London, at the same time that Mr. Bennett came from it. The coach, therefore, took them the first stage of their journey and brought its master back to London. Mrs. Gardiner went away from all the complexity about Elizabeth and her garbage here friend and had attended her from that part of the world. His name had never been voluntarily mentioned before them by her niece, and the kind of half-expectation which Mrs. Gardiner had formed of there being followed by a letter from him had ended in nothing. Elizabeth had received none to change her and that could come from her belly. The president unhappy state of the family rendered any other excuse for the loneliness of her spirits unnecessary. Nothing, therefore, could be fairly conjected from that. Though Elizabeth, who was by this time, tolerably well acquainted with her own feelings, was perfectly aware that she know nothing of her sea. She could have borne the dread of Lydia's into me, somewhat better. It would have spared her, she thought, one sleepless night out of two. When Mr. Bennett arrived, he had all the appearance of his usual, philosophical composure. He said, as little as he had ever been in the habit of saying, made no mention of the business that had taken him away, and it was some time before his daughter's encouraged to speak of it. It was not till the afternoon when he had joined them at sea, but Elizabeth ventured to introduce the subject. And then on her briefly expressing her sorrow for what he must have endured. He replied, say nothing of that, who should suffer about myself. It has been my own doing, and I ought to feel it. You must not be too severe upon yourself, reply to Elizabeth. You may well warn me against such an evil. Human nature is so prone to falling to it. No, Lizzie. Let me once in my life feel how much I have been to blame. I'm not afraid of being overpowered by the impression. It will pass away soon enough. Do you suppose them to be in London? Yes, where else can they be so well concealed? And Lydia used to want to go to London at a pity. She is happy then, set her father's diary, and her residence there will probably be a celebration. Then, after short silence, you continue. Lizzie, I bear you no ill will for being sacrificed and you are obliged to be left with. Which is a very new event. Show some greatness of mine. They were interrupted by misvenant, who came to touch her mother's teeth. This is a parade, deprived, which does one good. It gives such an elegance to misforge him. Another day, I will do the same. I will sit in my library in my nightcap in Carghering down and give as much trouble as I can. For perhaps, I may be for it till Kitty runs away. Lizzie, I've found the wrong way, proper. Stead to the front, please. The first ever good of Brighton, I would be his better than Lydia. You would go to Brighton. I would not trust you so near it as he's formed for 50 pounds. No Kitty, I have at least learnt to be cautious. And you will feel the effects of it. No officers ever to enter into my house again. No even the past proven billet. All will be absolutely prohibited unless you stand up with one of your sisters. And you are never to stir out of force, so you can prove that you have spent 10 minutes of every day in a rational manner. Kitty, we took all the starts in a serious life, began to cry. Well, well, saidy, do not make yourself unhappy. If you are a good girl for the next 10 years, I will take you to a review at the end of them. And the chapter 48. This is a liberal recording. All the books of recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer, please visit librivox.org. Recorded by designer. Brighton prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 49. Two days after Mr Bennett's return, as Jane and Elizabeth were walking together in the public behind the house. They saw the housekeeper coming towards me. And completely when she came to call them to their mother, went forward to meet her. But instead of the expected summons, when they approached her, she said to miss Bennett, a big pardon madam for interrupting you, but I was in the hopes she might have got into the news in time, so I took the liberty of coming to ask. What you mean here? We have heard nothing from time. Do you remember me, quite interesting, with things like this one. Can you know that there is no return from the master from the forgotten book? He has been here this half hour, the master has had a letter. The way around the girls, two years ago, to get in to have time for speech. They ran through the vestibule into the breakfast room, the father was an either, and they were on the point of speaking him upstairs for their mother, when they were met by the bugger he said, if you are looking for my master, mum, he is going towards the little cops. Upon his information, they instantly passed through the hall once more, and ran across the lawn after their father, who was delivered because hearing his way towards a small wood on one side of the paddock. Jane, who was not so light, more so much in the habit of running as a little of a soon-lad-be-wind, while her sister, hunting for breath, came up with him, and eagerly cried out, though, for power, what news, what news? Have you heard from my uncle? Yes, I have had a letter from him by express. Well, and what news does it bring? Good or bad? What is there of good to be expected? Said he, taking the letter from his pocket, but perhaps he would like to read it. Elizabeth impatiently caught it from his hand, Jane knock him up. We did a loud, said the father. For I hardly know myself what it is about. Grace Church Street, Monday, August 2nd. My dear brother, at last I am able to send these untidings of my knees, and such as, upon the hill, I hope it will be the satisfaction. Soon after he left me on Saturday, I was fortunate enough to find out, in what part of London they were. The particulars I reserved till we meet, it is enough to know they are discovered. I have seen them both. When it is, I have always hoped, cried Jane. They are married. I have seen them both. They are not married. No can I find there was any intention of any self, but if you are willing to perform the engagements, which I have ventured to make on your side, I hope it will not be long before they are. All that is required of you is to assure to your daughter, by settlement, a third equal share of the £5,000 secured among your children after the disease of yourself and my sister. And moreover, to enter into an engagement of lying her during your life, £100 per annum. These are conditions which considering everything, I had known hesitation in complying with, as far as I thought myself privileged for you. I shall send this by express that note my may be lost in your answer. You will easily comprehend from these particulars that Mr. Wickham circumstances are not so helpless as they are generally believed to be. The world is interesting to know about this. And I would like to say that you will be shown it in more. Even when all his debts are discharged, to settle on my knees, in addition to the wrong fortune. If, as I conclude, will be the case, you send me full power to act in your names throughout the hill of this business. I will immediately give directions to Hagueston, for hiring a proper settlement. There will not be the smallest occasion for you coming to turn again, therefore stay quiet at long-born and depend on my diligence and care. Send back the answer to the spouses requirement and be careful to write explicitly. We have decided best that my knees should be married from this house. Of which I hope you will approve. She comes to us today. I shall write again as soon as anything more is determined on. Use it, etc. at will gardener. Is it possible? Probably needs a good fortune at finished. Can it be possible that you will marry her? What can the knots have under-girding them as we sort in? Let me twist her. Can I feel it farther? Can you place it later? And have the answer for better? Why do you need to go through? No, but it must be done soon. Wish earners stay with you to then in treating him. Remember time before he wrote. Oh my dear father, she cried. Come back and write immediately. Consider how important every moment is in such a pace. Talk me right for you, Sejane. If you dislike the trouble yourself. I dislike it very much. But it must be done. And so saying he turned back with him and walked towards the house. And may I ask, Sejane is a bit... But it hurts as if there is a must be quite a... ...complied with. I am only ashamed that he got me so little. And then most married. Yet he is such a man. Yes, yes, he must marry. There is nothing else to be done. But there are two things that I want very much to know. One is, how much money your uncle was laid down to bring it about. And the other, how am I ever to bring it? Come on, come on. Pogging. What do you mean so? I mean that no man in his senses would marry Lydia and so slight attention as 100 years during my life and 50 years ago. That is very true. There was a couple of her to me before. He said, and this charge and something is good. And I am with must be my uncle. Then I was good man. I am afraid that I will never let him go. I am so sorry for not doing this. No, I said that father, what can be said to be the father in less than 100 years old. I should be sorry to think so with him. In the very beginning of our relationship. I think he is not in pain. I think he is the only one. That was father's decision to be the father. He is the benefit made no answer and each of them deep in the thought and can be silent to their reach the house. The father then went on to the library to write and the girls walked into the breakfast room. And they are really to be married, for at least as soon as they were going to say it was all of us. How strange this is. And for this we are to be thankful. The vicious marriage smaller is their chance of happiness and wretched as is his character. We are forced to rejoice. It will lead you out. I comfort myself with thinking, you are by Jane. What is that? If you have not a real regard for her. There was kind of uncle who has been something towards clearing him. I kind of believed that 10,000 parents or anything like it has been a father. He was children of his own and made up no. How could he spare half ten thousand parents? If you were ever a little on this, you can expect it to be in the beginning. And how much he said it on this side and I was just scared. We shall exactly move what he has forgotten his son for them. Because Wickham has not six kinds of a son. The kindness of my uncle and I can never be required it. They are taking a home and the hoarding her there is a personal protection and pants. The stuff is sacrificed for her, a bond with her. And you will be blessed with kind of another hobby. By this time she is actually with them. With such goodness does not make her miserable now. She will never be there to be happy. What a new thing for her and she first sees my aunt. We must endeavor to forget all that has passed from either side, Subchain. I hope and trust that we get be happy. His consent to me to marry her is a proof of will be, that he has come to a right for her. They are moving to the factory instead of living. And I thought of myself that he would set his way quietly and given so much more money. And I make that passed in for his forgotten. Their conduct has been such, If I believe this, as much as you know I, I know anybody can ever forget. It is useless to talk of it. It never occurred to the girls that their mother was no longer like the girl. I just happened. They went to the Lazerie, therefore, and asked their father whether he would not wish them to make it into her. He was voicing and without raising, he said, Call you reply. Just as you see. May we take my uncle's letter to read to her. Take whatever he like and get away. Elizabeth took the letter from his writing table and they went upstairs together. Mary and Kitty were both with Mrs. Bennett. One communication would, therefore, do for all. After a sight preparation for good news, the letter was read aloud. Mrs. Bennett could hardly contain herself. As soon as Jane had read, Mr. Gordon was hope of Lydia's being soon married, her joy burst forth, and every following sentence added to its exuberance. She was now in an irritation as violent from delight, as she had ever been fidgety from alarm and vocation. To know that her daughter would be married was enough. She was disturbed by no fear for her validity, no humble by any remembrance of her misconduct. My dear dear Lydia. She is delighted for the indeed. I shall see her again. She will be married at 16. My good-kind brother. I knew how it would be. I knew he would manage everything. How alone to see her, at a seated wick and turn. But close to what he says. I will write to Mrs. the godmother about interacting. Mrs. Maria, run down to your father and ask him how much he will give. Stay safe. I will go myself. Ring the bell, Kitty, for hill. I will put on my things in a moment. My dear Lydia, how merry we shall be together when we meet. Her eldest daughter endeavored to give some relief to the violence of these strong people. By leading her thoughts to the obligations which Mr. Garden has behaved the Aladdin more. What we must attribute is this happy conclusion she added. In a great measure to his kindness. We have persuaded that he has pledged himself to assist Mr. Wicken with money. Well, quite her mother. It is all very right. Who should do it but her own uncle? If you had not had a family on his own, I and my children must have had all his money. And it is the first time we have ever had anything from him. Except if you present. Well, I am so happy. In a short time I shall have a daughter married. Mr. Wicken, how well it sounds. And she was only 16 last June. My dear Jane, I am in such a flutter that I am sure I can't write. So will dictate and you will write for me. We will settle with your father about the money afterwards. But the things should be ordered immediately. She was then proceeding to all the particulars of Calico, Muslim and Cambric. And what shortly after dated some very painful orders. On Jane, there was some difficulty. The spaded letter made from her father's letter. One day she observed, would be of small importance. And her mother was too happy to be quite so obstinate as usual. Other schemes too came into her head. I will go to Meriton that she. As soon as I embraced and felt a good, good new letter to my daughter, in it. Another come back, I can call them Lady Lucas and Mrs. Long. Kitty, run down at all of her carriage. An airing would do me a great deal of good, I am sure. Girls, can I do anything for you and Meriton? Oh, here comes Hild, my dear Hill, have you heard the good news? Miss Lydia is going to be married and usual all have a bowl of punch to make Merit her wedding. Mrs. Hill began instantly to express her joy. Elizabeth received her congratulations amongst the rest, and then sick of this folly, to refuge in her own room that she might think was freedom. Poor Lydia's situation must have best be bad enough, but that it was no worse she had need to be thankful. She felt it so, and though in looking forward, Miles, the rational happiness, no worldly prosperity, if you just expect it for her sister. In looking back towards the head of the field, only two hours ago, she felt all the advantage of what her had been. End of chapter 49. We quoted by the Zena in Valetra to sample two thousand five. This is Elizabeth's father. He had a father for the family, and he had a family for the family. Please visit the birth box, Dr. Boy. Recording by Ilyne. By Jane Austin, chapter 50 and 51. Mr. Bennett had very often reached before this period of his life. That, as he spent his own year, he was getting laid by the others, and the better position of his children, and of his wife if she survived him. He now wished it more than ever. Had he done his duty in that respect, Maria and he not have been indebted to her uncle, but whatever of honor of her. One of the most worthless nunmen in Great Britain, to be her husband, my then-havestic and a proper place. He was seriously concerned by the cause of so-called damage and the cause of authority of the soul of sense of the brother-in-law. And he was determined that the cause find out the sense of the situation. And he was determined that he was the one who had to be the mother of the soul. The first incident had been carried, a common-loss-held teacher to produce this. Four, of course, they were to have a son. A son was to join in playing off the NFL, as soon as he should be a baby. And the widow and younger children who buy that means he's a writer for. Five daughters successfully entered the world, and the other son was to come. And this has been it, for many years after Lydia's birth, had been serving that before. This event had a last been disparate of, but it was then too late to be saving. This has been it, had no turn for a finding. And the husband's law of independence had a loan to benefit his death. Five thousand pounds, a settled by marriage, articles, and this has been it and the children. But in what proportions it should be divided among full-atter, depending on the will of the parents. This was one point, the regard to Lydia at least, which was now to be settled. And this event can have no hesitation in the seedings which opposed the performance. In terms of grateful knowledge for the kindness of the mother, those trespass most concise. He then delivered on paper, perfect affirmation all that was done. And as well as to fulfill the engagement that had been lifted. He had never before us opposed that, to look and be to build on her daughter. He would be done with so little inconvenience to himself as wide as she doesn't know her. He was spiritually concerned that she would be able to use her at a hundred times a day. Poor, but with her bored and popular knowledge, and a continual sentence in mind that it passed to her through her mother's hands, Lydia's extensions had been buried a little within that. Better would be done with such trifling and assertion on the side too. There's another very well-conservant. The relationship between the two have a real trouble and business cost. And the first transfer of the rage that had produced her as a kind of machine-made old old doll, can naturally deter and draw its form or influence. There's a lot of a scene that's found. Poor, though, is the real toy and the case can't resist. He's tricked and execution. He begged to know further particulars of what he was indebted to his brother, but was too angry with Lydia to send him as his child. She could have been stuck to three-feet house, and with the portion she could, if she was an ape-hood, it was born in the latter with this emblazoned. To be sure it would have been far more for the advantage of the controversy of his Lydia at that time, or as a happier self-punitial, than to be the criminal role that's in this department. But there was much to be talked of in Mary, and the good-in-cheat vicious, but her old doing, I took her seat at the floor from all the spiteful days in America. Lost the little of her spirit from these changes of circumstances. Because of the threat to husband, her misery was considered a threat to her. There's a fortnight since Mrs. Ben had found her. But on this property, again, the pursuit of her mistake, and in spirits of the husband, no sense in a chain gave a damn to her trying. The marriage of a daughter, which had been the first object of her wishes since James 16, was now on the point of accomplishment. And her thoughts, however, had been holy on those ten minutes, but I was looking at her, find husband and father and servant. She was this researching through the neighborhood, so it was a process of relating to her daughter. And the bathroom, ultimately, was not the only one that was in her room. She was looking at her husband and fit. They taught her husband to fit. If the door rings could fit, or it could not fit, then when we large her, but after her. I did not fire her mother for my husband, and I was to pull this large because it adds a thread. But her husband allowed her to pass on to that and pull out from her, so that her man. But when I had to find, he said to me, he said, well, you take any of all of this husband who's thinking about her. I was thinking about her, right? I was thinking of one of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, but I was thinking of her. I was thinking of her, so I was thinking of, yeah, life. I was thinking of her, but I wasimer as I could, really no matter what. Sometimes I went across campus, but myself, the same time I became older when I was how old you are. Sometimes I feel like my years are able to keep everything. Even without having my baby, perhaps I couldn't bump in the trees compared to time. I changed my father's seed I was like, oh. Oh. What badwill you do now? I you know Siu. Did you see it wrong? She said that it's you or not. Though since last year, when he was an ox and 6, her kid might have told me that if anything she was loving it, I'm not going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit this time that was also also a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit and a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of so we have this little bit of it. Little bit of a little bit of a little bit and I already knew how to do this Bascia I saw it a good little bit The fight between the life and the timeline has been solved, his manners have been through, and from his judgment in connection, and knowledge of the world, she must have received benefit of great and important. So, no such happening marriage can now teach the admiring multiplicity to commute real solicitors or those. A union of a different tendency and proceeding to possibility of other, assumed to be formed in a family. How Wickham and Lydia were to be supported in palable independence. She could not imagine. But how little of her men have to belong to her couple, so we're only brought together to the passion of the longer and ever to, she could easily conjecture. Mr. Gardiner has two more to get into his brother. To Mr. Benin's acknowledgment, he briefly replied, that the assurance of his weakness to promote the welfare and any of his family. And concluded with the truth, that the subject might never be mentioned again. To sensible prayer to the broader, listen, form them, Mr. Wickham and resolve and putting them in the mission. He was greatly my words to introduce us, yes. As soon as he narrates his footsteps on, and I think you are agree with me, and you can see that the world is fairly advisable. Both on his account and my name is... It is Mr. Wickham's attention to going to the regulators, and among his former friends, there are still some more able to learn to assist him in the army. He also promised of an entity in general, legitimate, now quoted in the North. It has an advantage to have so far from his part of the secret. To come to the fairly, and I hope among his and people, where they may entrap the character to preserve, they will both be more prudent. I written to Colonel Horster, who is one of our press operations, and he requested to be well satisfied with various predators in Mr. Wickham and the abiding, with the trunks of speeding plates, for which I invite you to answer. And then give yourself the cover of character, to make sure that you are just so very good working, I can let myself enjoy it with a pudding pudding commission. We are given an all in his debt. I hope that these days not the secret. I'm sorry, we have our directions, and all will be completed in the lead. They will then join his regiment, unless they are first invited to Longborn. And I am Stan Finns' guardian, and I need to be very desired with a senior law before she will be in the sound of him. She is well, and that's to do the thing we will know about him. He always consider him in the dark night. Mr. Bennett and his daughters saw all the adventures of the things we will have come to. Sure, as far as Mr. Gardiner could do. But Mrs. Bennett was not so well, but he is being set over the memorial, just to ensure expected most pleasure and pride. But she is not living. This is a very disappointing and the sign is such a pity that really she is taking her regiment, which means it can't be with everyone, and has so many favour. She is so far under this sport, such a thing. It was quite tough and disunderered, and there are several of the young men who treat the throughout the country. But the officers may not be so present in general. I don't know. She is not in fact, but such a mighty considerate of being a living into a family again, because that is what I thought of the most. The same day first, I asked her to take it. The gentleman was the big relicator, the executive sister's spirit and consequence. The chief should be noticed on a marriage by her parents. Her children so unsealed, so rational and so mild, you can't tell them that you are not. I think I know about that. I know that they are all under the leadership, and I think they are not. They are all under the leadership, and they are not. They are all under the leadership, and they are not. They are all under the leadership, and they are not. They are all under the leadership, and they are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. They are not. Help me. Jesus is going to do that, and Jesus is not. In fact, He gives great thought, and Repen, and the woman there is said that he is being in 3 years, the student of Figurecraft, and the student of Figurecraft, and supportive emperor says that he is in Sayows Indigents.という view from 2 years. Hijame, and there are the photographs of her солicile. The family of Sandwich and breakfast in the summer. Smiles that the kids in the South Atlantic have declared for the three doors. And they've been looking for the kids in the same place. The goddess, the long-distance and the ancient. The name of the voice was heard in the vestigal. The door was thrown open and she ran into the room. Her mother stepped forward and brazed her and welcomed her with rapture. Her hand had been an affectionate smile to Wikham to follow his lady. And which then both joyer within the line. There was no doubt of it. There was a few minutes for that as he opened her then. It was not quite so cool to be alone. The fountain is rather gained in austerity. And it's very certainly open his lips. It's easy to show us of a young couple and deep this map to overcome. All this best was discussed with me. I mean, this senate is shocked. The idea is still unkind and unkind. It's not a true secret. The mountain that can graduate. When that time came, they all sat down. They couldn't even let them go. They took some of the assembly out of the ocean. And I served for the last. That it was a great well to teach them. Make them a lot of y'all more stressed than the sun. But it's not meant for all they still could. The night is carried away in the air and the darkness. The sky is the only way to be able to see the other. The sky is the only way to see the other. And a ratherям who wrote an off A smile is ideas to preach over their life. But it's just not something he should tell you... You should come out, but not somebody else could show you. It's just not human. He is the only self who drawn over the makes of music for our customs of Spirit Man. And you control us." FOOT, but we shared our names. There was no bond, this caucus. The bride and mother can either primarily And the winner, who happens to sit in the Elizabeth, began acquiring after his acquaintance in that neighborhood. But the good thing that he is, she felt very unable to eat or hear the past. He seemed to venture to happen to not raise in the world. Nothing is attached to the left hand. I really feel that I'm not going to do it. The sisters will not have the good of you for the world. Only think of it as being three months, she cried. Since I went away, the teams put a court murder to clear and let their then things in the time could be gracious. And I went away, I'm sure I had no idea that I would come back. I thought it would be very difficult. I thought it would be a bizarre, dangerous step. These are the perfect stress that it would be there. But she never heard of no-sought anything that she chose to be sensible. She would be continued. Oh, Mom, do you see the secret that's more or more known today? I was afraid I might not be over to growing boldly in this puricle. So I was determined we should know it and so I let down the side. I'm sure I might be there. I'm sure I might be there. I'm sure I'm there in the dark. So then I might see the ring and then I've bowed and smiled like anything. I always would prefer it no longer. She got up and ran under the ring. And turned her more, told her to put her in the house and put it on the spot. She then joined them, so we met her in the living room. Thanks for her. Walk a few of those right there and then a photo of her sister. She left her home. I took her place now and he missed her there because I'm not even there. There's not to be suppose that time of good Lydia that embarrassment can make sure her been so holy free at first. For easy good spirits and peace, she longed to see Mrs. Phillips. And we could see all that other labour and the girls do have called Mrs. Griffin but each of them. And then the meantime she went after dinner to show her ring and both to be married and to make her still on the true husband. And they were all in time to get back this evening. And the two think of her husband is not here to try me. And she and my sister saw anything. I and her sister had to find her husband. Then a hard day to go. That is the person. What a pity that she was now. We've been a hard day. Very true and we thought had my way of thinking. But my dear Lydia, I'm just going to all like to go and search her now. And I'll tell you what to do now. I'm mad. That thing is nothing right now. I should like it all the time. Even father and sister come down to see her. She should be at me class and I have an answer. I just say that we have some balls and I just play. You part it up and down. I'll tell you that if you don't let anything to the mother. And then when you go back, you may be wondering when I'm too advice to change her. And I'd say I should have passed him to write on the code and then to his over. I thank you for my share with the baby. So it was nice. Breddy not particularly like her, but I've been in her sense. What's the point? There wasn't anything not to be name about her. It was her working in the scene. She's commissioned a call about London. And it was to join the legend at the end of the report. No one in this is Ben. We've heard about her story. We can search her. And she made the most of the time by visiting her now with a daughter. And having very busy parties at home. These parties were acceptable to all. To avoid a family circles even more desirable, to such as dip pink and such as the wrong. We can see fact in familiar, it's just what was the correct subject to find. Not equal to the obvious for him. It's very significant that her present on her station was decided. From the reason of her. But there are local and have a draw on her. It's very fair about the other. It's not quite fair. It's not fair to show local her at all. And she knocked out serving that is quite his mandatory by the stress of circumstances. And if that were the case, he was not the only one now who just helped her to be a part of her family. Lydia was excessively fond of him. People who are deal with him and are very afraid. No one needs to be put in competition with her. But everything best in the world and she is sure he will work out her own business. And anybody else will want to. One morning soon after their arrival, she was sitting with her two older sister. She said to Elizabeth, In the Zee, I never gave you an account of my wedding. I believe you were not by when I told Mom and the others all about it. I'm not sure if you're used to hear out it was managed. No really, replied of Zeeb, I think there cannot be two little set-up of the subject. No, you are so strange. But I must tell you how it went off. We were married. Yeah, except her husband. Because Wickham's lodgings were in that parish. And it was subtle that we should all be there by loving a pop. My uncle and aunt and I were to go together. And the others were to meet us at the church. Well, Monday morning came and I was in such a fuss. I was so afraid you know that something would happen to put it off. And then I should have done quite distracting. And there was my aunt. All the time I was dressing, preaching and talking, wait, this is she was reading a sermon. However, I did not hear above one word in ten. And I was thinking, they proposed it might seem like I'm alone to know whether he would be married and he would be. Well, and so we breathed the sitan as usual. I thought it would never be over for, by the value I'd understand that my uncle and aunt were hoarding pleasant all the time. I was with them. And you'll believe me, I did not once put my foot out of doors. Thought it was there at poor nights. Not one party or a school or anything. We sure run into this matter. However, to the fields, well, and so just as a carriage came to the door, I'm called away upon business for a man mixed with stone. And then you know, when one's figured together, there's no end of it. For instance, I can imagine that I'm able to do for my uncle and us to give me a bit. And I think we're beyond the hourly, we could not be married all three. But luckily, we can die for ten minutes, five, and we all set out. Forever I would collect an accurate certificate preventive going, to by the need not to put off from the stagot and money down as well. Mr. Stoffsy, do you feel it over and ever raise me? Oh yes, he was come there with me, can you know? But gracious me, I quite forgot, I am on to have said a word about it. I promise them so faithfully, if you'd never wake him up, say it was to be such a secret. If it was to be secret, to be. I say not in the middle of the sea, and make it from the bottom of my head yet. Oh, so I didn't say the Elizabeth, though burning with curiosity. We will ask you now questions. Thank you, Siddolita. For if you did, I should certainly tell you all, and then we can be angered. And that's the courage of that. Elizabeth was forced to put it out of the power to prevent him from getting married. But what's the point, was impossible, or at least it was impossible not to try for information? Mr. Garcia, been at Mr. Street's wedding. He was exactly the scene and exactly a moment before he apparently used to do and missed himcation to go. He captured us to the meaning, rusted and wild, far into a brain, but she decided to find the mind. Those at best can't have a place in contact with another right. Two months were probably. She could not bear such a sense, and this was the scene she'd appear, wrote a short letter to her aunt. She couldn't remember what we had planned. Could it look compatible with CQC, with like a new family? She may readily comprehend. She had. But my career asked him as to make a new household person and can help you with any of us. And to her to be speaking, a stranger to our family, to have been amongst you at such a time. Playwright and Stippin, and let me understand it, unless it is her very cogent reasons to name and seek and see which videos used to be necessary. And then I must endeavor to be satisfied with it. Not that I shall. Yeah, I should be listening. And my dear aunt, could you back tell me in an honorable manner? I shall certainly be reduced to tricks and strategies to find it out. Jane Stalk had some savanna, we're not allowed her to speak. She was with privately about what Lydia had left for. All of the stuff was rather. Told her to peer at what her increase would to see an insatisfaction. She'd rather be without a comfort. And we could not. This is a Libri Box reporting. All Libri Box recordings are in the public domain. For more information visit www.sd.org. Recording by Sherry Klober. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austin. After 52, the Elizabeth had the satisfaction of receiving an answer to her lover as soon as she passed away to her. She was no sooner in possession of it than the ring and the little folks, which were as least likely in the interactive. She sat down on none of the ventures and prepared to be happy. For the length of the letter he did, that it did not convey a denial. Grace could speak, September 6. By doing this, I have just received your letter and shall devote this full morning to answer. And by the same letter in the finale, will not comprise that I have to tell you. I must confess myself to her as far you are from future. I did all expect it and you. Dr. King Angel however, for I am in need of what you know, but I did not imagine such a desire to be in the essence of your own side. If you do not choose to understand me, forgive my impurities. The author is as much surprised as I am in, and nothing that could be the purity of heart you concerned would have allowed me to act as he is done. But if you are really innocent and ignorant, I must be more explicit. On the very day of my coming home from London, you are on and had a most unexpected visit. Mr. Grasikar and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karatek and Mr. Karate Kare Yakim from the Indianuddha Ji whom we call to with Hooray Sharishm. And without the help of sexual alcohol Georgian who badly crushed the veto or traces from the Varesham system and subpo rebuild the government's body and the virus. And which remain debido to Sweden which uses a lot of labor remains which featured in music and labor for frustration. and her parents would love or can part her home. The generous lady took her to the home and she was living fine and confessed that he had before thought it'd be me thing to make his actions open to the room. His character was to speak for itself. He told that there for his duty to step forward and endeavour to remedy him evil which he had thought on by himself. If you had another motive, I am sure it would never disgrace him. He had been some days in town before he was able to discover. And the consciousness of this was another reason for his resolve in the following us. There is a main word series and this is young who was some time ago that the mystery of this story was just used when he tried on some cars of this story. But he did not say what. She ran for the large house in Edward Street and has 152 results by different margins. This is young who has been in the middle of the street. And he went to her friend's intelligence after him as soon as he got to town. But it was two or three days before he did that hand over what he wanted. She would not be free of trust and to close without driving and collapsing. But she really didn't know where her friend was to be found. But then indeed he had gone to her on her first arrival in London and she had been able to receive them into her house. They would have taken up their abode with her. At length however, our kind friend called Kier the Wish for Direction. He saw the clip and afterwards insisted on seeing Lydia. His first object referred to Heath Knowledge had been to persuade her to get her present to squeeze his attrition and return to her friends as soon as they could be prevailed on to receive her. Offering his assistance as far as it would go. But he found Lydia and her second name was Dr. William for sure. She cared for none of her friends. She wanted no help of his. She would not hear of leaving Wickham. She was sure they should be married sometime or ever and it did not much signify when. Since such were her feelings, it only remained he thought to secure an expedient marriage, which in his very first conversation with Heath Wickham. He easily might have never been able to find him. He confessed himself obliged to leave the regiment on account of some of the same debt of honor which were very pressing. And Scoopled not to lay all that your consequences would be. He said, and her own fault is a problem. He meant to resign his commission immediately and as to his future situation, he could contact her very little about it. He must go somewhere but he did not know where and he knew he should not have nothing to live on. Mr. Darcy asked him why he had not married your sister at once. Though he had not found him at him to be very rich, he would have been able to do something for him. And his situation must have been benefited by marriage. But he found him reply to this question that was in still cherished. He had not been affected shortly. Making his fortune by marriage is some other country. Under such circumstances however, he was not likely to be proof against the temptation that he immediately believed. They met several times where there was much to be discussed. Welcome of course wanted more than he could get, but at night there was reduced to being reasonable. Everything being settled on and on, Mr. Darcy's next step was to make your uncle a quintitive with it. And he first found the best opportunity to be clear and fine. But Mr. Darcy's question was that he was not a good father. But he was not a good father. But he was not a good father to be the best father. And therefore, rather than his son, he would not have been a good father. And therefore, rather than his son, he would not have been a good father. He did not leave his name until the next day. There was only long but a gentleman who cried on his knees. On Saturday he came again. He followed his dad and then said, Or he had a good father together. And then I sang. It was not a father. But our visitor was very obstinate. I sang to the reason that obstinate is the real defective as character after all. He has been accused of many faults at different times, but this is the fault of all. That's the best to be done that he did not do himself. Though I am sure and I do not speak it to be thanked. Therefore, say nothing about it. Your uncle would not struggle to have such a different family. They gathered together for long times. This was more than I did the gentleman or maybe concerned him at the zoo. But at last, your uncle was supposed to be old. And instead of being allowed to be a news to his knees, was forced to put up with only having the public opinion, which went so near against the family. But I really believe your mother disloyaled with the family of our family. This is a required and explanation that would rock and not be both. And this is a place where it was too. But listen, this must go no farther than yourself or Jane at most. You know pretty well I suppose what has been done for the young people. This debt's are to be paid amounting I believe to considerably more than a thousand pounds. Another thousand in addition to her own settled upon hers, and raised commission for fixed. The reason why all this was to be done by him alone was such as I have given a bow. It was only him to his research and want the proper consideration that with his character had not been understood. And consequently that he could not be in the zoo and all his thoughts. Perhaps that is some food to this, but I doubt that in case he was a loser, I can be answerable for the love. But in spite of all this fine talking my dear Lizzy, you may rest perfectly assured that your uncle would never have healed it. If we had not given him credit for another interest in me affair, the love is for his wife. And that company. But it was agreed that he should be in London once more when the wedding took place. And all money matters were then to receive the last finish. I believe I have now told you everything. It is a relation which you tell me is to give you great surprise. I hope at least it will not afford you in this pleasure. Lydia came to us and with some head clonced in the mission to the house. She was exactly what you had been with a new home in her picture. But I would not tell you how little I was satisfied with her. When she stayed with us, if I had not received by James Leder last Wednesday, that her friend got done from home as a gift-only ever kiss with it. And therefore, at I now tell you, you can give a no-fetched pain. I talked to her repeatedly in the most serious marriage, representing her all the victims that were she had done. And all the unhappiness she had brought out her family. If she had heard me, it was fine good luck. But I am sure she did not listen. I was sometimes quite capable, but then I got connected my dear and was looking for her. And for there's a sad future, so far. Mr. Dahl is in his country in his return. And as Lydia and my wife, a two-year-old, and died with us in his dream and his loved ones, so it was her story. Will you be very angry with me, my dear, if I take this opportunity to say what I was never going to let the soldier go, how much I like me. His behavior to us has in every respect, in his dream as when we were in Barbarat. His understanding in his dreams all feeds me. He wants nothing but a little more life-envious, and that if he may be very clearly, his wife may teach him. I thought him very small. He hardly ever mentioned to me, but slimes seem to function. I forgive him if I had been very presumed. Or at least do not punish me, so far it's too excuse me from thinking. I shall never be quite happy. Do I have been all ran apart? A low-faintly-looking, with a nice little pair of things, with me the very thing. I am so happy to be here. I am so happy. You are very sincere and valuable. The practice that I have left you in this regard, will be a part of some of the next. In which it was difficult to determine whether to start your eight dream or the great of her. The hope and any sudden sister-friends who transitor to have the gifts of what used to be our similar dream during the four of the sister's marriage. Which she appeared to encourage as an assistant to the student who is very intelligent. And at the same time, I gave her to be chosen and the kind of other vision. The thing and right, the hint of success to be true, to the college of sister's daughter, to achieve an answer to all the trouble and the recognition of gender and sister's relationship. That he had done it for her, but it was a whole shortly checked by other considerations. And she seemed out that even her vanity was insufficient when required to depend on his affection for her. So when we knew what I would be confused, as able to overcome a sentiment so natural as a force against relationship with her. Rather than love, we can, every kind of pride must be rolled from that connection. He had to be sure done much. She was ashamed to think how much. But he had given a reason for his interference, which asked no extraordinary stretch of belief. It was reasonable that he should feel he had been wrong. He had never known that he had to say anything. And both of him and his yourself as his principle in do seem. She could perhaps believe that the meaning of such a reality for her might exist in her relationship. And that's what she meant to be. It is painful. It's seeming painful to know that there were other obligations to be presented together with seeming of eternity. For overest you are too much living after character, everything is in. Oh, how hard you are to achieve value over every ungracious sensation she had ever encouraged. Every saucy speech she had ever directed to the world's end. But herself, she was hungry. But she was proud of him, proud that when it caused a compassionate honor, he had been able to get the better of him. She read a book that he has been engaged in in the end. It was hardly enough but it pleased her. She was even sensible of some effort, but mixed with the regret on finding how steadfastly both she and her own burden had been persuaded that affection and confidence subsisting to her stardusty and herself. She was roused from the seat in her reflections by someone's approach. And before she could strike you to an exit her, she was overtaken by the face. I am afraid I interrupt your story very randomly, because you are so cute for answers. And it certainly does she reply to the smile, but if there's not fully that the interruption must be unwelcome. I should be sorry indeed if it were, we were always good friends and now we are better. True, are the others coming out? I do not know, this is been it in Lydia, are going in the carriage to marry her. And so my dear sister, I find it from her infant, that you have actually seen, pennurally. She replied in the affirmative, I almost envy you the pleasure. I will take her to my child for us. I will take you to my way to Newcastle. And you saw the old post-keeper I suppose. Poor Reynolds, she was always very fond of me. But of course she did not mention my name to you. Yes, she did. And what did she say? That you had gone into the army, and she was afraid had not turned out well at such a distance of that, you know things are strangely misrepresented. Certainly he replied byding his lips, Elizabeth hoped she had silenced him, but he soon afterwards said, I was surprised to see Darcy and Talmas. We passed each other's couple times. I wonder what he can be doing there. Perhaps a parent would be scared. Elizabeth would look at it. It must be something particular to take from there at this time of the year. I'm very pleased to hear her say it's been her way. I thought I understood from my gardeners that you had. The S.C. introduced us to a sister. Thank you. Thank you. Very much. I have heard indeed that she is uncommonly improved within this year or two. When I last saw her, she was not very promising. I am very glad you liked her. I hope she will turn out well. I dare say she will. She has got over the most trying age. Did you go by the village of Kympton? I do not recollect that we did. I mentioned it because it is the living which I ought to have. A most delightful place. Excellent person at home. It wouldn't suit me in every respect. How should you have liked you if you say this? Exciting as well. I should have considered it as part of my duty. And the exertion would soon have been nothing. One ought not to repyne but to be sure it would have been such a thing for me. The quiet and the calm the question life would have answered all my ideas of happiness. But it was not to be. Did you ever hear dark sea mention the circumstance when you were in Kent? I have heard from a party which I thought as good. That it was left to you conditionally only. And it will not affect the future. Yes, there was something in that. I told you so from the first you were in you may remember. I did hear too that there was a time when sermon making was not so palatable to you as it seems to be a trend. That you actually declared your resolution of never taking orders and that the business had been compromised accordingly. You did. And it was not fully without foundation. And I remember that I told you on that point when first you talked to the person. They were not always at the door at the house. So she had not passed to get rid of them. And unwillingly. She only said it with a good human experiment. She was a little bit more confident in understanding. Do not let us quarrel about the past. In future I hope we shall be always of one mind. She held out our hand. He kissed it with affectionate gallantly. And he hugged a new heart of milk and they entered the house. End of chapter 5 to 2. Chapter 53 Mr. Higgin was saved perfectly satisfied with this conversation that he never had been distressed himself. Or provoked his dear sister Elizabeth by introducing the subject of it. And she was pleased to find that she had said enough to keep him quiet. The day of his and Lydia's departure soon came. And this has been it was forced to submit to a separate show, which has her husband by Mom and his enter into her stream of their all going to be canceled. It was likely to continue at least at 12 months. Oh my dear Lydia, she cried. When shall we meet again? Oh Lord, I don't know. Not these two or three years perhaps. Right to me very often my dear. As often as I can, but you know Mary women have never much time for writing. My sisters may write to me, they will have nothing else to do. Mr. Higgin's goodbyes will much more affectionate than his wife. He smiled, looked handsome, and said maybe pretty things. He is the finer fellow, said Mr. Bennett, as soon as they were out of the house, as ever I saw, he simmers and smurks and makes love to us all. I am prodigiously proud of him. I defy even servo him with his himself to produce a more valuable son in life. The loss of a daughter made Mrs. Bennett very dull for several days. I often think that she that there is nothing so bad as parting with one's friends. Once he was so far away with our friend. This is the consequence I see on that of Mary and her daughter. It must be the benefit of her son, that you are other than her son. I'm single. It is no such thing. Lady of death not leaving because she is married, but only because her husband is rich. You see her all. Did that have been here and she would not have gone so soon. But the spirit was conditioned which this event threw her into the shorty of the heat. And her mind opened again to the application of hope, but all the children in the house were going to be there. The housekeeper and mother's place that was seen in the area that the children had been thrown at the master. She was hanging in the area tree to shoot her for several weeks. This is Brandon's place in the digits. She looked at the jinn as well and she figured out how to turn it. Well well and so much to be doing is coming down the system. But this is where it's going. Well so much to the father. Not the father though. He is nothing to us. You know and I am sure I never want to see me again. But however he is very welcome to come to never feel if he likes it. And who knows what may happen, the father is nothing to us. You know sister, we agreed long ago never to mention a word about it. And so is it quite certain he is coming? You may depend on it, we tried the other. And this is the first lesson I would to last night. I saw her passing by and went out myself on purpose to know the truth of it. And she told me that it was certain true. He comes down on Thursday at the latest. Very lucky on Wednesday. She was born to the butchers she told me on purpose to order in some meat on Wednesday. And she has got three couple ducks just fit to be killed. Miss Bennett had not been able to hear of his coming without the food. But now as soon as they were alone together she said, I saw you looking at me today as even when I meant to. And I saw the present is heard and I know I have to address. But don't imagine it was from in my silly cause. I was only confused with a moment because I felt that I should be looked there. I do agree that the news does not expect me to either get rid of your old pain. I am glad of one thing that becomes alone because we saw some rest of them. Not that I prayed at my side, but I did other people's remarks. I was not sure if I could not know what to make of it. But she was not seen in the dark. She was not seen in the dark. She was not seen in the dark. But she was not seen in the dark. But she was still far from the past. And she was able to find the perfect balance of the past. But this time she was missing. Or she was able to come and out. Yet it is hard to find the past. But she was not seen in the dark. But she was able to find the perfect balance of the past. Or she was able to find the perfect balance of the past. But she was able to find the perfect balance of the past. And she was able to find the perfect balance of the past. And she was able to find the perfect balance of the past. And she was able to find the perfect balance of the past. And she was able to find the perfect balance of the past. And she was able to find the perfect balance of the past. And she was able to find the perfect balance of the past. The subject is that you saw the image on this screen. It's been a while since you told about the time you met it. It was not that hard to understand. And she was ever missed it when you saw the screen. And you were half the way to the mirror. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. The time is still a little too sweet. It's a little more than half of the past. But it was a little more than half the past. And I did not understand that you were standing at the mirror. It was very strong to go to the mirror. How absolutely necessary such an extent of your being in the past. I don't think you were in the mirror. Or she was able to imagine it. She can edit it out this slide, that she is thinking. If you know how to exercise the slide, she is not used to it. She knows what you did. I will not spend my hours in an afternoon. I will never spend my hours in a time that go away from that again. So all I know is that it will be a vulnerable view if you do not wait for him. But however, that shamp prevents my asking me to die here on the turning. We must have Mrs. Long and the golden soon. That will make 13 with our cells. So that will be pretty easy. I'm too different here. Can so find this resolution. She was the better able to bear her husband's in ceremony. Though it was very more defined to know that the leaders like us, who was living in the past, started to get better. If they didn't, as the case was arrived in the mirror. I became interested that it comes out of the turn for her sister. It would be nothing. I could think I knew that the second thing. But I can hardly tell if you were at that strategic target. My mother knew it, but she did not know. No one can know how much I suffered from that she said. Having shall I be in this story, I never feel this older. I wish I could say anything to please you, because I've never felt it. I've never felt it. I've never felt it. You must feel it. And in the future, started scratching the future. It's too suffer. It's denied me because you have always so much. Mr. Domingo, by Mr. Bennett, has a detailed system instrument, he tries to have the only child in the world that has created a particular mechanism. … acceptable state of fact that it has a moronsunwing dangerion, due to a very cruel, stringent alarm, in the world to the extent that looked for a nuclear synth andformation. but象 mechanism… It was not yet the release of theseeletcrafts and rifles to those countries. I thought it was material. I think it's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's good. It's a good thing. That's hard. Really good. It's a good relationship. Mr. Garth Sem. And so it does I've got. Well in Bender, Mr. Green's will always be well compared to this chair. But as I never say that, he's very concerned. Jane looked at her as a good-visit-prey, and concerned. She knew, but really, like, he's a bad-visit. And therefore felt that he awkwardnessed witness which must be her sister. It will seem here almost when the first time after the scene has explored her letter. Both sisters were uncomfortable enough. Each felt for the other and of course for themselves. And their mother jumped on a Christmas 기다�see and her resolution to be settled for her only as a sister. Without being heard that either of them. But at least the text sources of an e-signess which could not be suspected by Jane and Jane. She had never yet had heard of her sister. She had never heard of her sister. She had never heard of her sister. She dreamed that she could only learn which could be used as she had been. And she met her sister and her daughter. The child was born and she couldn't remember. She was a person who could be seen and she was a person who could be seen. And she was also a person who could be seen. At least if we can go and just as what Jane felt for the pain. First, all mission at his coming. Every coming can never be too long. And volunteers seeking her again was almost people to what she had known. And first witnessing his alternate behavior in garbisham. The color which had been driven from her face returned for half a minute with a medicinal glow. And a smile of delight added musted her eyes. and I, as she thought about Scootsie, wow, that's exactly what she was saying. That's all we have to do. That she will not be secure. Let me first see how she's behaving, so she will then be earning enough for her position. She sat in tenting at work, striving to be composed, and without doing anything with that, but I, to an interesting aspect of the truth, and to the face of her sister, as the servant has a position for her girl. Stainless the little tailor the mutual, but more sedate than others of her had expected. On the gentle lines of her color increased, yet she has seen some kind of color that needs, and with a profile of behavior, easily leads from instant to instant, or yet. Elizabeth said as little to either a civility would allow, and sat down again to her work within Egonus, which it did not often command. She had ventured on a one glance at grossy. He looked serious as usual, and she thought more as he had been used to look in her picture than she had seen her at her belly. But perhaps she could not, in her mother's presence, be what he was because of her uncle and aunt. It was a painful, but not an improbable conjecture. They made she had life by seeing for an instant, and in that short period saw him looking both of these and dressed. He was received by Mrs. Bennett with its ability, which made her two daughters ashamed. Especially when the craft of the book holds its her own hands, her might answer her courtesy and her first friend. Elizabeth, I take you by me, can you move back her mother old to the latter of the first generation of her favorite daughter from Eurimiri, who was hurt in distress to a misplacer degree by a distinction so pale upon. Darcy, after an aspiring occur, how Mr. Mrs. Barrier did, a question which she could not answer without confusion, said scarcely anything. He was not seated by her, perhaps that was the reason of his silence, but it had not been so in darbisher. There he had talked to her friends when he could not to herself. But now several minutes he asked the best we need to sound of his voice. And when occasionally unable to resist the impulse of curiosity, she raised her eyes to his face. She is often found him looking at Jane as at herself and frequently on no object at the ground. More thoughtfulness and less anxiety to please than when they had last met were plainly expressed. She was disappointed and angry with herself for being so. But I expected to be otherwise said she. Yet why did he come? She was in no humor for conversation with anyone but himself and in his hand she had hardly courage to speak. She inquired after his question for continuing. She went away, said Mrs. Bennett, he readly agreed to it. I began to be afraid you would never come back. People did say you meant to quit the place entirely at my promise, but however I hope it is not true. A great many changes have happened in the neighborhood since you went away. Miss Lucas is married and settled and one of my own daughters. I suppose you have heard of it. Indeed, you must have seen it in the papers. And within the time and the career I know both have was not put in as it ought to be. It was only said lately George Wilson to look to the event without there being a similar set of her father or the face where she lived or anything. It was my brother Gardner's drawing up too and I wonder how he came to make such an awkward business of it. Did you see it? It's been really replied that he did and made his congratulations. Elizabeth there not lived up to rise. Holler Mr. Garth looked at him or she could not tell. It is the delightful thing to be sure to have a doctor well married continues her mother, but at the same time, Mr. Beehoy, it is very hard to have her taken such a way from me. They are gone down to Newcastle. They please fight not for it seems and they are to stay I do not know how long. His regiment is there for I suppose you have heard his leaving the militia and have his been all into the regiment. Thank Heaven, he has some friends, though perhaps lots of many of us he deserves. Elizabeth, he knew this to be leveled and he sovers in the insecurity of shame that she could have argued with her son. It drew from her however he was ready to leave. Which nothing else had shown that truly done before. And she asked me whether he meant to make any stay in the country as a pleasure. A few weeks he believed. When you have killed all your own birds Mr. Beehoy said her mother, I thank you for coming here and shoot as many as you please on Mr. Beehoy's manner. I ensure he will be fast and happy to oblige you and will save all the best of us. Elizabeth's misery increased at such a necessary such a vicious attention. We are the same fair of prospect to arise that present as have flattered than a year ago everything should be so. At that instant she felt that years of happiness could not make Jane or herself and men's for moments of such painful confusion. The first wish of my heart said she turned herself is never more to be accompanied with either of them. Their society can afford no pleasure that will atone for such preciousness as this. Let me never see either one or the other again. Yet the misery for which years have been heard after a no compensation received soon afterwards material relief from observing how much the beauty of her sister we can though the admiration of her former lover. When first speaking to me, he had spoken to her vocal looking, but every five minutes seemed to be giving her more of his attention. He found her as handsome as she had been last year as good natures and as unaffected, so not quite so chatty. Jane was anxious that no different should be perceived in her at all and was really persuaded that she talked as much as ever, but her mind was so busy in gauge that she did not always know when she was silent. When the gentleman rose to go away, Mrs. Benel and I have heard her intended civility and they were invited and engaged to die and have been called. You are quite ill-fizzed in my guess, but when you went to tell us which room you promised to take a family dinner with us as soon as you returned. I have not forgotten you see and I assure you, I was very disappointed that you did not come back and keep your engagement. Bingley looked a little silly at this reflection and said something of his concern at having been prevented by business. Benel and today. Mrs. Benel had been strongly inclined to ask them to stay in dining there that day, but though she always kept a very good table, she did not think anything less than two courses would be good enough for a man on her chair. And the chapter, this is the three. This is a liprovac's recording. All liprovac's recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer, please visit liprovac.org recorded by Annie Klamlin and Seoros Missouri on January 15, 2006. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 54 As soon as they were gone Elizabeth walked out to recover her spirits or in other words to dwell without interruptions on those subjects that must dead in them more. Mr. Darcy's behavior astonished and vexed her. Why if he came only to be silent, grave and indifferent said she did he come at all. She could settle it in a way to get her pleasure. He could be still amiable, still pleasing to my uncle and aunt when he was in town. And why not to me? If he fears me, why come bitter? If he no longer cares for me, why silent? Teasing teasing man, I will think no more about him. Her resolution was for a short time involuntarily kept by the approach of her sister. We joined her with a cheerful look which showed her better satisfied with their visitors than Elizabeth. Now, said she, that this first meeting is over, I feel perfectly easy. I know my own strength and I shall never be embarrassed again by his coming. I am glad he dines here on Tuesday. It will then be publicly seen that on both sides, we meet only as common and indifferent acquaintance. Yes, very indifferent indeed, said Elizabeth laughingly. Oh Jane, take care. My dear Lizzy, you cannot think me so weak as to be in danger now. I think you are in very great danger, making him as much in love as ever. It did not see the gentle men again until Tuesday. Then this has been it in the meanwhile, who is giving way to all the happy schemes which the good humor and common politeness of bingley and half an hour's visit had revived. On Tuesday there was a large party assembled at Longborn, and the two who were most anxiously expected to the credit of their punctuality as sportsmen were in very good time. When they repaired to the dining room, Elizabeth eagerly watched to see whether bingley would take the place which, in all their former parties, had belonged to him by her sister. Her prudent mother occupied by the same ideas, for bore to invite him to sit by herself. On entering the room, he seemed to hesitate, but Jane happened to look round and happen to smile. It was decided he placed himself by her. Elizabeth, with a triumphant sensation, looked towards his friends. He bore it with noble indifference, and she would have imagined that bingley had received his sanction to be happy, and she not seen his eyes like a little bit of a mercy. With an expression of half-flafing alarm, his behavior to her sister was such during dinner time, as she showed her admiration for which, so more vivid than primarily, persuaded Elizabeth that upliftfully to himself, Jane's happiness and his own would be speedily secure. Though she dared not depend upon the consequence, she yet received pleasure from observing his behavior. It gave her all the animation that her spirits could boast, where she was a no cheerful viewer. Districtarcy was almost as far from her as the table could divide them. He was on one side of her mother. She knew how little such a situation would give pleasure to either, or make either appear to advantage. She was not near enough to hear any of their discourse, but she could see how seldom they spoke to each other, and how formal and cold was their manner whenever they did. Her mother's ungraciousness made the sense of what they owed him more painful to Elizabeth's mind, and she would at times have given anything to be privileged to tell him that his kindness was neither unknown nor unfelt by the whole of family. She was in hopes that the evening would afford some opportunity of bringing them together. At the whole of the visit would not pass away without enabling them to enter into something more conversation than the mere ceremony of salutations and the resentments. Anxious and unneasier, the period which passed in the drawing room before the gentleman came, was weary some end-all to jegree that almost made her uncivil. She looked forward to their entrance as the point on which all her chance of pleasure will be in the midst of the pandemic. If he doesn't have come to me then, said she, I shall give him up forever. The gentleman came, and she thought he looked as if he would have answered her hopes. But, Alas, Beladys had routed round the table where Miss Bennett was making tea, and Elizabeth pouring out the coffee. He was so close at Confederacy, there was not a single vacancy near her who could admit of a chair, and on the gentleman's approaching, on a moor. Said, no whisper. The moon sheds from the parties, and in determined, we went none of them through it. They're seeing a walk-away to another part of the room. She followed him with her eyes, and viewed everyone to whom he spoke. Had scarcely patience enough to help anybody to coffee, and then was enraged against herself for being so silly. A man who has once been refused, how could I ever be foolish enough to expect a renewal of his love? Is there one among the sex who would not protest against such a weakness as a second proposal to the same moment? There is no indignity so appalling to their feelings. She was a little revive, moreover, by this bringing back this coffee for himself, and she seized the opportunity to say, is your sister at the time of the list? Yes, she won't remain there to live at all. And quite alone, have all her friends left her? This is Anna Sly's with her. The others have been gone on to Scarborough these three weeks. She could think of nothing more to say, but if he wished to be merged with her, he might have better success. He stood by her however for some minutes inside of this. And at last, on the young lady's whispering to Elizabeth again, we walked away. When the tea thing were removed and the hard tape is placed, the lady's all rose, and Elizabeth was then hoping to be soon joined by him. When all her views were overthrown, by seeing him fall as victim to her mother's capacity for whisk players. And in a moment after, seated in the rest of the cardinal. She now lost every expectation of pleasure. They worked and fined for the evening at different tables, and she had nothing to hold, but that his eyes were so often turned towards her side of the room as to make him play as unsuccessful in as herself. This is better to design, to keep the two netherful gentlemen to suffer, but their character is unlawfully ordered before any of the others, and she had no opportunity to entertain them. While girls said she, as soon as they were left to themselves, what say you to the day? I think everything was passed up on commonly, while I was sure. The dinner was as well pressed as any eye ever saw. The venison rose to too much herring, and everybody said they never saw so fat upon him. The suitcase was fifty times better than what we had at the end of this last week, and even this fantastic knowledge that the cartridges were remarkably well done. And I suppose he has two or three French foot-sleeves. In my gear chain, I never saw you looking greater beauty. Mrs. Long has said so too, her eyes were whether you did not, and what do you think she said besides? On Mrs. Bennett, we shall have her at another field at last. She did indeed. I do think Mrs. Long is as good or free-care as ever lived, and her nieces are very pretty behave girls, and not at all handsome. I like them for digisly. This is Bennett and short, was in very great spirits. She had seen enough of things with behavior to Jane, to be convinced that she would get him at last, and her expectations of advantage to her family when in a happy humor were so far beyond reason that she was quite disappointed at not seeing him there again the next day to make his proposals. It has been a very agreeable day, said Miss Bennett to Elizabeth. The party seemed so well selected, so suitable one with the other. I hope we may often meet again. Elizabeth smiled. Lizzy, you must not do so. You must not suspect me. It mortifies me. I assure you that I have now learned to enjoy his conversation as an agreeable and sensible young man without having to wish beyond it. I am perfectly satisfied from what his manners now are that he never had any design of engaging my affection. It is only that news plus greater sweetness of address and strong desire of generally pleasing than any other man. You are very cruel, said her sister. You will not let me smile and are provoking me to it every moment. How hard it is in some cases to be believed and how impossible another. But why should you wish to persuade me that I feel more than I acknowledge? That is a question which I hardly know how the answer would all love to instruct that we can teach only what is not worth knowing. Forgive me, and if you persist in indifference do not make me your confidants. End of chapter 54. This is a libravox recording. All libravox recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer, please visit libravox.org. Reading by Annie Coleman in St. Louis, Missouri on January 16th, 2006. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austin. Chapter 55. A few days after this visit, Mr. Bingley called again and alone. His friend had left him that morning for London, but was to return home in ten days time. He sat with them above an hour and was in remarkably good spirits. Mrs. Bennett invited him to die with them, but with many expressions of concern, he confessed himself engaged elsewhere. Next time you call, said she, I hope you shall be more lucky. He should be particularly happy at any time, etc., etc., and if she would give him leave, would take an early opportunity of waiting on them. Can you come tomorrow? Yes, he had no engagement at all for tomorrow, and her invitation was accepted with a lacquerity. He came and in such very good time, but the ladies weren't done of them pressed. In red Mrs. Bennett was regarded firm. In her dressing gown, and with her hair have finished crying out, my dear Jane, make hasten hurry down, he has come. Mr. Bingley has come, he is indeed. Hey, case, make haste. Here, Sarah, come to misspen at this moment and help her on with her gown. Never mind, Mrs. Lizzie's hair. We will be down as soon as we can, said Jane, but I dare say, Kitty is forwarder than either of us, for she went upstairs half an hour ago. Oh, hang Kitty, what will she do with it? Come, big quick, quick, where is your sash, my dear? But one for Mother was gone, Jane would not be prevailed on to go down without one of her sisters. The same anxiety to get them by themselves was visible again in the evening. After tea, Mr. Bennett retired to the library as was his custom, and Mary went upstairs to her instrument. Two obstacles of the five being thus removed, this has been at stat looking and blinking at a Elizabeth and Catherine for a considerable time without making any impression on them. Elizabeth would not observe her, and when at last Kitty did, she very innocently said, what is the matter, Mama? What do you think you get me for? What am I to do? Nothing, child, nothing, I did not want to get you. She then sets still five minutes longer, but unable to waste such a precious occasion. She suddenly got up and saying to Kitty, come here, my love, I want to speak to you. Took her out of the room. Jane instantly gave a look at Elizabeth, which spoke her distress at such premeditation, and her intrigue that she would not give into it. In a few minutes, Mrs. Bennett half opened the door and called out, this is the idea I want to speak with you. Elizabeth was forced to go. We may as well leave them by themselves, you know, said her mother as soon as she was in the hall, Kitty and I are coming upstairs to sit in my dressing room. Elizabeth may know it's him to reason with her mother, but remained quietly in the hall, so she and Kitty were out of sight, then returned into the drawing room. Mrs. Bennett's schemes for this day were ineffectual. Bingley was everything that was charming except the confessed lover of her daughter. His ease and cheerfulness rendered him a most agreeable addition to their evening party, and he bore with the ill-judged efficiessness of the mother and heard all her silly remarks with her forebearance and command of countenance, particularly grateful to the daughter. He scarcely needed an invitation to stay supper, and before he went away, an engagement was formed, chiefly through his own and Mrs. Bennett's means, for his coming next morning to shoot with her husband. After this day, Jane said no more of her indifference. Not a word has put to all the sisters concerning Bingley, but Elizabeth went to bed and the happy belief that all must speedily be concluded, unless Mr. Darcy returned within the stated time. Seriously, however, she felt tallerly persuaded that all this must have taken place with that gentleman's concurrence. Bingley was punctual to his appointment, and he and Mr. Bennett spent the morning together as had been agreed on. The latter was much more agreeable than his companion expected. There was nothing of presumption or folly in Bingley that could provoke his ridicule or discuss him into silence, and he was more communicative and must eccentric than the other had ever seen him. Bingley, of course, returned with him to dinner. And in the evening, Mrs. Bennett's invention was again at work to get everybody away from him and her daughter. Elizabeth, who had a letter to write, went into the breakfast room for that purpose soon after tea. For as the others were all going to sit down to cards, she could not be wanted to counteract her mother's schemes. But on returning to the drawing room, when her letter was finished, she saw, to her infinite surprise. There was reason to fear that her mother had been too ingenious for her. Unopening the door, she perceived her sister and Bingley, standing together over the heart, as it engaged in earnest conversation, and had this ledge no suspicion, the faces of both as they hastily turned round and moved away from each other would have told it all. Their situation was awkward enough, but hers, she thought, was still worse. Not a syllable was uttered by either, and Elizabeth was on the point of going away again from Bingley, who as well as the other had set down, set up the roads and was for the few words to her sister, ran out of the room. Jane could have no reserves from Elizabeth, where confidence would give pleasure, and instantly embracing her acknowledged with the liveliest emotion that she was the happiest preacher in the world. Tis too much, she added, by far too much, I do not deserve it. Oh, why is not everybody as happy? Elizabeth's congratulations were given with a sincerity, a war of delight, which words could but poorly express, every sentence of kindness was a fresh source of happiness to Jane, but she would not allow herself to stay with her sister, or say half that remained to be said, called a present. I must go instantly to my mother, she cried, I would not want any account to trifle with her affectionate solicitude, or allow her to hear it from anyone but myself. He has gone to my father already. Oh, Lizzie, to know what I have to relate will give such pleasure to all my dear family. How shall I bear so much happiness? She then chases the way to her mother, who had purposely broken up the card's party, and was sitting upstairs with Kitty. Elizabeth, who was left by herself, now smiled at the rapidity and ease, with which NFAR was finally settled, that had given them so many previous months of suspense and relaxation, and this, said she, is the end of all of his friends anxious circumspection, of all his sisters, falsehood, and contrivens. The happiest, wisest, most reasonable end. In a few minutes, she was joined by Bingley, whose conference with her father had been short and to the purpose. Where is your sister? Said he hastily as he opened the door. With my mother upstairs, she will be down in a moment, I dare say. He then shut the door, and, coming up to her, claimed the good wishes and affection of a sister. Elizabeth, honestly, and worthy express her delight in the prospect of their relationship. The shook hands with great cogeality, and then, till her sister came down, she had to listen to all he had to say of his own happiness, and of Jane's perfections, and, in spite of his being a lover, Elizabeth really believed all his expectations of theficity to be rationally founded, because they had, for basis, the excellent understanding, and super-excellent disposition of Jane, in the general similarity of feeling and taste between her and himself. It was an evening of no common delight to them all. The satisfaction of mispenance mind gave a glow of such sweet animation to her face, as made her look handsome or than ever. Kitty's tempered and smiled, and hoped her turn was coming soon. Mrs. Bennett could not be ever consent, or speak her apparition in terms more than after satisfied her feelings, though she talked to Bingley of nothing else for half an hour. But when Mr. Bennett joined the next hopper, this voice and manner plainly showed how really happy he was. Not a word, however, past his lips in illusion to it, to their visitor took his leave for the night. But as soon as he was gone, he turned to his daughter and said, Jane, I congratulate you. You will be a very happy woman. Jane went to you instantly, kissed him and thanked him for his goodness. You are a good girl. You were five, and then a great pleasure in thinking you will be so happily settled. I have not a doubt of you're doing very well together. Your tempers are by no means unlike. You are each of you so complying that nothing will ever be resolved on. So easy that every servant will cheat you, and so generous that you will always exceed your income. I will not so impudence or thoughtlessness and money matters with the unparkinable in me. The exceed their income, my dear Mr. Bennett, cried his wife, where are you talking of? Why is four or five thousand a year and very likely more? Then addressing her daughter. Oh, my dear dear Jane, I am so happy. I am sure I can't get a wink of sleep all night. I knew how it would be. I always said it must be so at last. I was sure you could not be so beautiful for nothing. I remember as soon as ever I saw him. When he first came into heart for sure last year, I thought how likely it was that you should come together. Oh, he is the handsomeest young man that ever was seen. Whicken, movie, all forgotten. Jane was beyond competition. Her favorite child. At that moment, she cared for no other. For younger sisters, soon began to make interest with her for objects of happiness, who she might in future be able to dispense. Mary petitioned for the use of library at another field, and Kitty begged very hard for a few balls there every winter. Bingley from this time was of course a daily visit to her long-born. Coming frequently before breakfast and always remaining till after supper. Unless when some barbarous neighbor, who finnaed enough to feste, had given him an invitation to dinner, which he thought himself obliged to accept. Elizabeth had now but little time for conversation with her sister. For while he was present, Jane had no attention to bestow on anyone else. But she found herself considerably useful to both of them in those hours of separation that must sometimes occur. In the absence of Jane, he always attached himself to a misadvent for the pleasure of talking at her. And when Bingley was born, Jane constantly sought the same means of relief. He has made me so happy, said she won evening, by telling me that he was totally ignorant of my being in town less spring. I had now believed it possible. I suspect he has much reply Elizabeth, but how did he account for it? It must have been his sisters doing. They were certainly no friends and his acquaintance with me, which I cannot wonder at since he might have come so much for Evan to eat justly in many respects. But when they see me as I trust they will, that their brother is happy with me, they will learn to be contented and we shall be on good terms again, so we can never be watching once for our three-todd. That is the most unforgiving speech that Elizabeth said I ever heard you utter. Good girl! It would be best to indeed deceive you again the tooth of Miss Bingley's pretended regard. Which you believe at Lizzie that when he went to town less November, he really loved me and nothing but a persuasion of my being in different would have for fencing his coming down again. He made a little mistake to be sure, but it is to the credit of his modesty. This naturally introduced a panagyric from Jane on his dividends and the little value we put on his own good qualities. Elizabeth was pleased to find that he had not betrayed the interference of his friend. For, though Jane had the most generous and forgiving part in the world, she knew there was a circumstance which must prejudice her against him. I am certainly the most fortunate creature that ever existed, Pride Jane. Oh Lizzie, why am I thus singled for my family and blessed above them all? If I could but see you as happy, if there were but such another man for you. If you were to give me 40 such men, I could never be so happy as you. The long-awaited representation of your goodness. I never can have your happiness. No, no, let me ship for myself. And perhaps if I have very good luck, I may meet with another musk or tolerance in time. The situation of affairs in the long-born family could not be long a secret. This has been and was privileged to whisper it to Mrs. Phillips. When she ventured without any permission to do the same by all her neighbors in Mariton, the benets were speedily pronounced to be the luckiest family in the world. Though only a few weeks before, when Lydia had first run away, they had been generally proved to be more out within this fortune. And look chapter 55. This is a lovely box with me. All of our box of buttons are in the public domain. The more information you're involved in here, please go to the publicbox.com. I don't prejudice. I've changed as to chapter 56. One morning, I got a week after business and bills were returned in front. As we and the females of the family were sitting together in the diner room, their attention was sent in the kitchen. And they received the chairs and four driving up the line. It was too early in the morning for visitors and the size, the equipments are not answered about it and were going to lose. The horses were put up straight and moved the carriage and moving the rear of the servant. As if it's not able to do it, it's not able to do it. And rock the road into the shelter. The safe set off and the conjectures of the remainder and through continued and the referral satisfaction to the door of the stern or woman of visitor intern. That was late in the afternoon. They were of course on ten minutes as a father's. But their astonishment has grown their expectation and on the part of Miss Bennett and Kiddly that she was perfectly aware tonight, even in fear to whether it is a bit late. She entered the room with an air more than usually enrages. May no other reply to her as a beside the tissue and a slight impenetuous in the hand. And I'm not sure if I can contact her and also have a better time. Elizabeth could mention her mother and her ladyship's entrance. And when it comes to touching her, Miss Bennett, I'm a loser. They're proud of my having the best of such high requirements. Her surgery with her at my experience. I'm just saying I'm from her with an experience. She said very stiffly to her as me. I hope you're about my family. That lady has a position to me, though. Elizabeth replied very concise in the tissue box. And that is a place to go to her sister's. Yes, Madam, it's so much better to have her to speak to her. She is my youngest brother, but my youngest sister is my youngest brother. And it Synautopul 3, written in Book ofathers' voice. But actually, that's just because I was a PM, but that people could do that because it was too much more important. ..that is the reason I got before them could be my youngest sister. But sorry, the member of very Secretary Griffith will share this. And I'm sure we're working as much larger person in the world. This was the most inconvenient person in the world to view your mother's need. With the offenders of 4 of us, This has been a shirt that they never saw melted. I know. I know it took the liberty of asking me the option, but I knew that to Mr. Ross's common friend. Oh, no. Yeah, it's very nice. I saw him react to the light. This is a good nox, but it should be just a better shirt. It's a only problem. This is so hard. But Ernie Packley and didn't go the way to submit, nothing planned for me. I know you have harder now than maybe. It's another kind of su facet I get older. I think that I've tried to mange the enyne you without you. I showed a big livelihood in time, If you are afraid of me, don't mind here, I've never made it. I'm sure my body should be back. I'm sure we're pretty. I was a bit better, and I know enter the owner of my parents' room. I attended her mobile by downstairs. As they passed the home, I did a capital opening doors and to the dining pile and join me. I'm pronouncing her, I know what your choice is. I heard him, and everyone, leading from the floor. I heard her laughing. I'm also good of it. I've received some insight on the grab-o-awatt-and-m personalities, and I'm also pretty handy. I received an airmanburgh from my parents, emotionally experiences. And so, I would be safe as to discovered developed and collected shoulder-rice inside my house. I'm not going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. You can get no losses. I'm going to stay in my knees. I'm going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. Line up well to get it out of our��게 signal. Miss from it. Reg gidily heard Chinese beep. A 거예요 heard andPesut couldn't hear anybody acting. From East, Sikh and the moetenhual in the town storm I'm a part of a Mr. Barming Metro which works in the Asa. I was told that not only your sister was on the point of being the most I've been to understand the name, but that you, that Miss and his with Ben and all that you've seen afterwards in the 90s when I met her. I am left for Mr. Dorser. But I know at Miss Miss and Miss Basin. But I would not injure him so much as to support him as the true but the possible. I can certainly resolve and set him on his face. But I might make myself a friend. If you've been through the possible direction, you'll be able to understand the situation. You've learned how to interpret how to make music. But could you arrange for the placement? I'm a part of the process. I'm a part of the process. I'm a part of the process. You're coming to Longburg to see your friend, Sarah Zackman. We'll have to be a confirmation of it if, in two, such report is an existence. If, do you then pretend to be an intimate? As a not-been industrialist you have it by yourselves. Do not move such a close bit of all. I don't know about this. Can you move like a glass of water because there's no such thing? I think we're pretend to be an intimate person. You might ask for a strange question, which is a true story. This is not. Miss a bit of a non-existent, I'm not a cisgender, but I'm a cisgender. That's me, because my nephew and my nephew are very old. I'm very sure to paint her. It's not just that it's not for Sarah. It's not for the children to be a cisgender. But your eyes are nervous, and then they're very patient. And you don't forget to... I'm not a cisgender. I'm not a cisgender. I'm a cisgender. I'm a cisgender. Just but do you know why I am? I'm a not-been industrialist. I'm an almost-been industrialist. I'm a part of the world, and the entire thing I've always dreamed of. I'm a part of the world. You might be tired of it, but I'm not such a horrible artist. I'm a distant artist. I'm not a human right now, but I'm a cisgender. This fact, I'm teaching that the person should do this by the murder of the cisgender. I'm sure that I think this is a great story, but I know it's a lie. On the this, that if he is sorry, we're gonna have no reason to support the murder of the cisgender. Very kind of because it takes a very long time. And then the murder, and the engagement between the murder is a bit clearer. And then the emphasis, the hyperentend of the murder. And if the murder has to pass on to the cisgender, as well as the cisgender. And then the murder is a bit clearer. And then the murder is a bit more clearer. It's a bit more better to find a woman, a female, a male and close to the woman. The woman who rides the family, you can never go through this. She's taxable, but she's still open. Have you lost to every feeling that the party and I deserve? Have you not heard of this, and has heard of this? Have you not heard of this? Have you not heard of this? Have you not heard of this? Yes, and I have heard of it. Have you heard of this? There is no other attraction. I can't remember. I just said no, not the capital. I know that there is another person who's trying to know. That's the problem. You both must not be a criminal. It's the function of the criminal. The person who's not to know the truth, the woman who's trying to know the truth. I assume that's not to know the truth. And find not to know why not to know the truth. Because honor to call him, put it, snake interest for bitter. Guess who's good, interest for him. Do not expect to be murdered. What's wrong with you? You're a fattening person. You're the center of the spider in the spasm, but everyone can't do it. You're not to know the truth. You're not to know the truth. You're not to know the truth. You're not to know the truth. You're not to know the truth. But the life of Mr. Basel, because of such a strong man's voice. You're a certain person. You're a certain person. But you're a criminal. That you're a monster. You're an absolute monster, girl. I'm a monster. Because you should rather take a life to test you last day. As nothing do to me are not strong, but as the day, you're an astounding spirit. But I came here with the return and resolution of human rights. Nor did I not respond. I have not been used to submit to any person's words. I have not been in the habit of putting this equipment. But when I've been in a shape situation, I wasn't working with it. But I've been in a more fattening. I'm a marginal person. You're noxious. My daughter, I'm a criminal. I'm a criminal. I'm a general. They are the same in the true world. The same level. And on the verge of permensarctible, animal, and inshiked, grow untouched. Females. Reforging on both sides is stronger. They are destined for a child that would have never ever helped. The threat is to the moment that the start of the take-off and the ground over there. The second, the last shot of the blast. These devices, are having access to the You are a gentry star. You are a gentry star. You are a human being. You are an antinomphate. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are a magic being. You are an ant Всё An ant Всё. An anti-xxtric strider. I shall not go back to the beginning of the show. I shall never show you. I am not a person, I am not a person, I am not a person. I never wish that my sister got to go. But we might go to the main bridge of that bridge. So, we are not able to go back to the beginning of the show. We might be using the text that is going to be the best of the store of this show. Allow me to say a little bit. If the arguments of which you support a music store near your application, I've been as far as the application is though a judge. You have a better mistake than a judge. If I think I can work on such a situation, I suppose. I find you're never able to create a sense of fairness and about time. But you are certainly not real right to be a service of your own. I must go and go to the main bridge of that bridge. You are not so good to be a person. I have a better mistake than a judge. To all your judges, I am all the judge, the judge, the judge. I am very strange that you look at the evidence of the justice of this show. It is a bit of a shame. And no one, but the gunman is more than a judge that deserves it. I am very strange that you are not a judge. And you are such a girl to be my but you are so. I am not a judge, but some of the things I have been through, and I am not a judge. I have been in a very good relationship with the judge. I have been in a very good relationship with the judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. I am very strange that you are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are determined to ruin what do you think about all this fact, and make him the contempt of a blood. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. Any possible claim on your imprisonment. No principle that you bear would be filed if I weren't a judge or a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. Or the indignation of a blood. The former works side effects for you. If you are not a judge, you are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. You are not a judge. Oh lord, painting of sometimes and ever and teaching others the same method between people in the world with стала water and water cubes. I am the pass paper that will beations to drown me. Let me tell you the next thing anything. And where I am from? You are not wrong. You make up time names. Fine. The advice and tragedy of so near relation might settle every doubt Keeping his promise, she'd come to his friend within a few days, she added, I shall know how to understand. I shall then give her my career as a magician. I'll be worshiped as king's to see. If you satisfy the form of a girl, then you might have obtained my affection as a friend. I shall soon cease to regret it. The surprise of the rest of the family, I'm hearing you a visitor had been. That's very great. What they ablagingly satisfied in, with the same kind of supposition which had appeased misvenants curiosity, and scarierly spent a much decent subject. The next morning as she was going downstairs, she was met by her father. He came out of his library with a letter in his hand. Liging, sitting. I was going to look for you, come into my room. She followed him through her, and her curiosity to know what he had to tell her, and her story, and her son, the such a family, to be able to sit there and write a letter in the house. It suddenly struck her that it might be from Lady Catherine, and she anticipated that this may all the court of her best relationship. She followed her father to the fire tonight, and it goes back down. And then, I knew this thing about it was one of this astonishingly seen way. As a principal concerned yourself, you ought to know its context. I did not know before that I had two daughters in the very fragile room. But we can gradually get you out of very important and complexed. The color now rushed into a visibate's cheeks, and the instantaneously the chair was being a letter from the knife wall, and still at the end. And she was undeturned, but it must be pleased that we explained this after all. Or if you could have said that, it would have been so. When a father continued, he looked conscious. Young ladies have a great literature in such an analysis. I think I made fun even more sense to discover the name of him. This is that, this is the name of his kid, from his to Carlos, and what can he have to say? Something very much to the purpose of course. He begins with congratulations on the approaching natural of my eldest daughter. I wish it seemed, he has been told by some of the good nature of gossiping in the business. I shall not stop. What relates to yourself is his promise. Every class offered you the sincere congratulations of his, and myself, I was happy with it. But you now add a short point on the subject of the matter. I wish we have been a father's son, and I'm not a father of this. I know, I know. I'll give you an older sister, as a son. I'm the chosen partner of the four, when he is a great woman. I'm the chosen partner of the four, when he is a great woman. I think he's the best of the three. I know. He's the best of the three. Everything in the class of the goal of this decision. The three. When the school Fourth. The two. Those are the two've that one make them close to the partners, and the work endorses a goes ahead and family Your own past. None, I said fakelaughs and they've committed was intended. My voice is starting to wake them close to you. My Woodenwife's children will stay. If I can't find my right hand for a grand, I'm really excited. I have recently imagined that it's an act. Really, I can remember. I'm not sure. Mr. Dicey, you still are. Now, is he high-pitched? Oh, because he's such a good-stop anymore. He was a stripper of our paintings. He's an annual given of four, about the great time, you know? Mr. Dicey, you never books at a woman, but to see a blum-ish, and who probably never looked at you in his life? It is admirable. Elizabeth tried to join the father's present room, but he always works one by two by his. Never had his work been directed more than it was. So good-alternally. Are you not to hurt it? Ah, I'm not to hurt it? Oh, yes. I mean, after mentioning the likelihood of this marriage, her relationship was made. She immediately revealed it. She knew it. She knew it. But she knew it. Whether it became a period, then the misfortune of some family of the Egyptians on the part of my cousin, she would never give her concerns to what she turned to. So, despite so much. I thought it might be. She used to tell me. She didn't hurt her. Maybe a rare of what they are about. And not run hastily into her there, but she was not in the business. Mr. Collins, moreover, aunt. I am sure that I would like my cousin, Lydia, a sad business, has been so well hushed up. And I'm not a business. And that's not clever. They've left the duties of my station. A refrain? Oh, a married. It was an encouragement of advice. And I'm not a single one. But I'm not a single one. But I'm a single one. And I'm a single one. And I'm a single one. And I'm a single one. And I'm a single one. And I'm a legitimate advice. And I'm an director of long-burn. I should very strongly as to the post. I don't think I should give this a thought of straight-up. But get your attention into your sight. Or allow their needs. That is a notion of Christian forgiveness. The rest of this letter is only about his dear Charlotte situation. And his expectation of a young olive branch. But listen. You did not look as if you enjoyed it. You were not going to be a musician, I hope, and pretend to be a front-ed at an hour point. But what do we live, but to make sport for our neighbors, and to laugh at them in our own turn? Oh, Christ, I'm a successful woman. But it is so strange. Yes. That is what makes me think. I think fixed on any other man. It would have been like this. But it is perfect in different ways. And your point is just like, make it so delightful, be absurd. I'm not just like a bomb in a fire. I would not thought that your bad Mr. Collins is for a sponsor, but anything's in it. No. When I read a letter of his, I cannot help giving him the preference. Even in real-worldly, as much as I value the impudence from the prophecy of my sin. I'm very busy. What's a lady captain about this footballer? Did she call to a future concerned? To this question, his daughter replied, oh, me with a laugh. And as it had been asked her that the musician's decision, she was not distressed by his repeating it. Elizabeth had never been more at a loss to make her feelings appear to be a little nervous. It was necessary to laugh, and she would rather not laugh. Father has proven what is funny. Her body set of Mr. Darcy's indifference. And she could do nothing, but perhaps wonder, at such a warrant of penetration. Or fear that perhaps instead of his sin too little, she could have been too cute. And the type of footballer said, the courted by Susan Huss, took you to Paris. This is a liberal-vax recording. All liberal-vax recordings are in the public domain. For more information or the volunteers, please visit the liberal-vax.org. Recorded by Ian Coleman and St. Louis Miserie in January 2006. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austin. Chapter 58. Instead of receiving any such letter of excuse from his friend, as Elizabeth have expected Mr. Darcy to do, who was able to bring Darcy with him to Longborn before many days had passed after Lady Catherine's visit. The gentleman arrived early, and before Mrs. Bennett had timed tell him of their having seen his aunt, of which her daughter sat in momentary dread, namely, who wanted to be alone with Jane. How is there all walking out? It was agreed to. Mrs. Bennett was not in the habit of walking. Mary, had never stared at him. But the remaining five set off together. Bingly and Jane, however, soon allowed the others to outstrip them. They lagged behind while Elizabeth, Kitty, and Darcy were to entertain each other. Very little was said by either. Kitty was too much afraid from the top. Elizabeth was secretly forming a desperate resolution, and perhaps he might be doing the same. They walked towards blue pieces because Kitty wished to call upon Mary. And as Elizabeth, so no occasion for making it a general concern, when Kitty left them, she went boldly on what came alone. Now it was the moment for her resolution to be executed. And while her courage was high, she immediately said, Mr. Darcy, I am a very selfish creature, and for the sake of giving relief to my own feelings, and not how much I made people in the New Year's. I can no longer help thanking you for your unenemified kindness to my poor sister. Ever since I have known it, I have been most anxious to acknowledge you how greatfully I feel it. For it known to the rest of the family, I should not have merely my own gratitude to its friends. I am sorry, exceedingly sorry for why Darcy and its owner surprised and emotion. Did you ever have been informed of what may and a mistake in light have given you an easiness? I do not think this is far from you, so I am ready to be trusted. You must not blame my aunt. Kitty is thoughtlessness, first betrayed to me that you had been concerned in the matter. And of course, I could not rest until I knew the particulars. First, thank you again and again, in the name of all my family, for that generous compassion which induced you to take so much trouble, and there are so many modifications for the sake of discovering them. If you will thank me here applied, let it be for yourself alone. That the wish of giving happiness to you might add force to the other inducements which let me on. I shall not attempt to deny, but your family owe me nothing. Much as I respect them, believe I thought only of you. Elizabeth was too much embarrassed to say a word. After a short pause for companion added, you are too generous to triple with me. If your feelings are still what they were last April, tell me so at once. My affections and wishes are unchanged, but one word from you will silence me on this subject forever. Elizabeth, feeling all of the more than common awkwardness and anxiety of his situation, now forced yourself to speak, and immediately though not very fluently, gave him to understand that her sentiments had undergone so material a change since the period to wish he eluded, as to make her receive with gratitude and pleasure his present assured says. The happiness which this reply produced was such a see had probably never felt before, and he expressed himself on the occasion as sensibly and as warmly, as a man violently in love can be supposed to do. Had Elizabeth been able to encounter his eye, she might have seen how well the expression of heartfelt, the lie will, to view his over his face, became him. But though she could not look, she could listen and he told her feelings, which, improving of what importance she was to him, made this affection every moment more valuable. They walked on, without knowing in what direction, there was too much to be gone and felt instead, for attention to any other objects. She soon learned that they were indebted for their present good understanding to the efforts of his aunt, who did call on him in her return through London, and their relate her journey to Longborns, its motive, and the substance of her conversation with Elizabeth, dwelling in fatter through our every expression of the letter which, in her ladyship's apprehension, peculiarly noted her perverseness and assurance. In the belief that such a relation must assist her in death, to obtain death promise from her nephew, which she had refused to give. But on luckily for her ladyship, it's affected exactly contrary wise. It taught me to hope, said me, as I had firstly ever led myself to hope for her. And you enough for her disposition to be certain that, had you been absolutely irrevocably decided against me. You would have acknowledged it to Lady Catherine, frankly and openly. Elizabeth colored in last as she replied, yes, you know enough of my frankness to believe me capable of that. After abusing you so abominably to your face, I could have no scripple and abusing you to all your relations. What did you say of me that I did not deserve? For, though your accusation for ill-founding, formed on mystic and premises, might be eager to you at the time had emergent for severe stroke or, it was unparadable, I cannot think of it without a warrant. We will not quarrel for the greater share of blame, and as to that evening, as Elizabeth, I'm not with neither of strictly examined, will be irrefutable. But since then, we have both, I hope, improved in stability. I cannot be so easily reconciled to myself, a recollection of what I then said of my conduct, my manners. My expressions during the whole of it is now, and has been many months, and it's impressively painful to me. You'll improve so well-applied as she'll never forget. Had you behaved in a more gentle, and-like manner, those re-overds, you know not, you can scarcely conceive how they have been returning. But with some time, I confess before I was reasonable enough to allow their justice. I'm certainly very far from expecting them to make so strong and impression. I had not the smallest idea of their being ever felt in this way. I'm so happy that you brought me back to all of it. With every proper feeling, I'm sure you did. The turn of your countenance, I shall never forget, as you said that I could not have addressed you in any possible way that would induce you to accept me. Oh, do not repeat what I then said. These recollections will not do it all. And I'm sure you that I have long been most part of the issue in this. Mercy mentioned this letter. Did it? said me. Did it soon make you think better of me? Did you on reading it? Give any credit to its contents? She explained what it's effect on her had been, and how gradually all her former prejudices had been removed. I knew, said me, that what I wrote must be a be-pain, but it was necessary. I hope you have destroyed the letter, from one part especially the opening of it, which I shouldn't read or having the power of reading again. I can remember some expression which might just make you pay to me. The letter shall certainly be burnt if you believe it essential to the preservation of my regard. But, very rare. I think that's not entirely unalterable. They are not. I hope, quite so easily, changed as that implies. When I wrote that letter, I believed myself perfectly calm and cool, but I am since convinced that it was written in a dreadful, bitterness of spirit. The letter perhaps began in bitterness, but it did not end so. The adieu is charity itself. I think no more of the letter. The feelings of the person who rose. And the person who received it are now so widely different from what they were then. That every unpleasant circumstance attending it ought to be forgotten. You must learn some of my philosophy of what I think only for the past as it's remembered and gives you pleasure. I cannot give you credit for any philosophy of the kind. Your retrospections must be so totally void of reproach that the contentment of rise in the memory is not a philosophy, but what is much better of innocence. But with me it is not so. painful recollection will intrude, which cannot, which ought not to be repelled. And it's been a selfish being all my life, in practice, so not in principle. As a child, I was taught what was right, but I was not taught to correct my temper. I was given good principles, to let to fall them in pride. You can see, unfortunately, and only son, for many years and only child, I was spoiled by my parents. Who, though good themselves, my father, particularly, all that was benevolent and amiable, allowed, encouraged, on those taught me to be selfish and overbearing, to care for none beyond my own family circle, to think meanly of all the rest of the world, to wish at least to think meanly of their sense and worth, compared with my own. Such I was from 8 to 8 and 20, and such I might still have been, but for you, dearest lovely is Elizabeth, what do I not owe you? You taught me a lesson, hard indeed at first, but most advantageous, by you, I was properly humbled. I came to you without a doubt, with my reception. You showed me how insufficient for all my pretentions, please a woman worthy of being pleased. I do then persuaded myself that I should, to be the I had, or, for you think of my van as me, I believed you to be wishing, expecting my addresses. My manners must have been in thought, but not intentionally, I assure you, I never meant to deceive you, but my spirits might often lead me wrong. How you must have hated me after that evening. Hate you, I was angry perhaps at first, but my anger soon began to take a proper direction. I'm almost afraid of asking what you thought of me when we met at Kimberly. You blame me for coming? No indeed, I thought nothing but surprise. Your surprise cannot be afraid of a mind, and be a noticed by you. My conscience told me that I deserve no extraordinary politeness, and I confess that I did not expect to receive more than I do. My object then replied to her saying, was to show you, by every civility in my power, that I was not so mean as to resent the past, and I hoped to obtain your forgiveness, to lessen your ill opinion, by letting you see that your reproves had been attended to. How soon any other wishes introduce themselves I can hardly tell, and I believe in about half an hour after I had seen you. He then told her, at Georgianna, to lighten her pointys, and up her disappointment, added sudden interruption, which naturally leading to the cause of that interruption, she soon learned that this resolution of following her from Darby's year, in Plusker for Sister, had been formed before he put it to the end, and that his gravity and thoughtfulness there had arisen from no other struggles than what such a purpose must comprehend. She expressed her gratitude again, that it was too painful as subject to each, to be dwelled on farther. After walking several miles from a leaderly manning, and too busy to know anything about it, we found a last on a family in my watches that it was time to be at home. What could become a mystery thingly in Jane, was a wonder which introduced the discussion of their affairs. Darcy was delighted with their engagement, his friend had given him the earliest information of it. I must ask whether you were surprised, said Elizabeth, not at all, when I went away I felt that it would soon happen. That is to say, I guess, too much. Although he explained that the term she found that it had been pretty much the case. On the evening, before my going to London, said me, I made a confession to him, which I believe I ought to have made long ago. I told him of all that had occurred to make one woman under her parents and parents who served in the apartment. The surprise was great, and he remembered what the slightest suspicion. I told him more over, that I believed myself mistaken in supposing as I had done, and her sister was indifferent to life. And as I could easily pursue, that his attachment to her was unabated, I felt no doubt of their happiness together. Elizabeth cannot help smiling at his easy manner of directing his friend. Did you speak from your own observation, as it should, when you turn the closest to her loved one, will me only for my information must spring. From the phone, of a narrowly observant during this few visits which I had made me make here, that I was convinced of her affection. And you're sure, in so that I suppose, carried immediate conviction to him, it's is. I think that it's most unaffected in the modest, most evidence that prevented his defending on his own judgment. And so it interests the case, but is right or not, and make everything possible. What was obliged to conduct one thing, which for a time and not for a industrial offended him. I could not allow myself to conceal that your sister had been entitled for him on his last point. But I had no, and purposely, I would not allow him. He was angry, but his anger, I am persuaded, as to no longer than he remained in any doubt that his sister's sentiments. He has heartily forgiven me now. Elizabeth Long, the two observed that Mr. Bingley had been a most delightful friend, so easily guided that his words was invaluable. But she took herself. She remembered that he had yet to learn to be laughed at, and it was rather too early to be there. And then to see happiness of Bingley, which of course was given here. Crying in prejudice, and Jane Austen. Chapter 59. My dear, Lizzy, my familiar opinion of Bingley. She was a question that she was a bit recently, but she was a bit busy with Bingley. She entered their room, and from all the evidence, she was never set there. She had only just a reply that they had come about to choose beyond her own knowledge. She followed as she's heard, but neither that nor anything else, but within the suspicion of the truth. Even as quietly one marks by anything extraordinary. The acknowledged lovers talked and laughed, the unignalance were silent. Her seat was not for this position, in which happiness, when her flow is immersed. And Elizabeth, aged me and I confused, and rather new than she was happy and found herself in the be so. For besides the immediate embarrassment, there were other evils for horror. She anticipated for what you felt in the family, in her situation that they know. She was aware that no one might come but Jane, and even feared that with the others, it was a disguise which had caused the alterment of the victim. That's night she opened her heart to Jane. Those suspicions were very far from this finished general evidence, which she was absolutely incredulous here. You are joking, Missy. This cannot be engaged to Mr. Darcy? No, no, you shall not be seated. I know it to be impossible. This is a wretched beginning indeed. My soul depends was on you. And I am sure not to be else with the evening, if you do not. It indeed I am embarrassed, as we are knocking back the time. He still loves me and we are engaged. Jane looked at her doubtingly. Oh, Lizzy, it cannot be. I know how much you dislike him. You know nothing of the matter. That is all to be for God. Perhaps I did not always welcome someone as I can now. And in such cases, there is news of good memories unparalleled. This is the last time I fell over the moment where I saw you. You said it's not look all amazing. You said it again and also the form of a strange. What happened? Anything to be so? Yet now I must believe you, Jane. My dear dear Lizzy, I will do congratulate you. Can I ask you a second to give the question? Are you fine? You are good at it. I will be happy to be here. I can be no doubt about it. I decided to be here so already. I am very happy to be here. I hope you are happy. Please Jane, if you like to have such a brother. I am very very much. Nothing to be there. I don't remember all myself. I am very glad. If you consider it, you have to be as impossible. And do you remember from the flight home now? I am very glad. I am very glad. I am very glad. I am very glad. I am very glad that you feel what you want to do. Oh yes. You will only think that you are more of a husband. Can I tell you all? What do you mean? Why? I must confess to my love and better than I do, vaguely. I am a friend you will be angry. My dear sister now be serious. I want to talk very seriously. Let me know everything that I have to know. How to be there. Will you tell me how long you have loved him? I have been coming on so gradually. I hardly know when you began. But I believe I know a state that for my first seeing the couple grounds of time really. I am not very happy to be here. I am very happy to be here. I am very happy to be here. I am very happy to be here. And she seems satisfied to be here. I have a small little friends who have come to the doctor. I am very happy to be here. And then when that part of the day, this has been nothing for their relationship. Now in what's happening, such a thing. For me, this is happening inside. I always tell them that you are here. I am very happy to be here. I must always have a feeling. But now, as being a friend and a friend, I am very happy to be here. There can be only things we end up in order to be here. The Lizzie you have been very slide. Very reserved with me. How little did you tell me of what passed it to him really in limo too? I owe all that I know of it too. Not to you. Who is the one who has pulled her to the motels of her secrets? She had been unwilling to mention Vingley, and the unsettled state of her own feelings had made her equally avoid the name of his friend. But now she would no longer conceal from her, because she is sure in the days marriage. I always acknowledge that her happiness spent in her secret. The Lizzie you must walk out with him again, that he may not be in Bingly's way. Lizabeth could hardly help laughing at so convenient to proposal. Yet was really best that her mother should be always giving him such an epithet. As soon as they entered, they would look at her so expressly, and she would get into the civil war. As left no doubt that his good information, and he soon afterwards said aloud, this has been it if you know more lanes here about, in which everything may lose your way again today. I advise Mr. Garcia and Lizzie and Kitty, said Mrs. Bennett, to walk to open Mount this morning. It is a nice long walk, and Mr. Garcia has never seen the view. It may do very well for the others, more glide bingley, but I'm sure it will be too much for Kitty. Won't you Kitty? Kitty owned that she had rather stay at home. Garcia's professed a great curiosity to see the view from the Mount, and Elizabeth silently consented. As she went upstairs to get ready, Mrs. Bennett followed her saying, I am quite sorry Lizzie, that you should be forced to have that disagreeable man, all to yourself, but I hope you will not mind me. It is all for Jane to say, you know, and there's no occasion for talking to him except just now and then. So do not put yourself to inconvenience. During their walk, it was resolved that Mr. Bennett's consent should be asked in the course of the evening. Elizabeth reserved to herself the application for her mothers. She could not determine how her mother would take it. Sometimes doubting whether all his wealth and grandeur would be enough to overcome her appearance of the man. But whether she were violently set against the match, or violently delighted with it, it was certain that her manner would be equally ill adapted to do credit to her sons, and she would be no more mayor that Mr. Garnty should hear that her trap hers up for sure. Then the first vehement of her disaffovation. In the evening, soon after Mr. Bennett withdrew to the library, she saw Mr. Garnty rise also and follow him. And her agitation on seeing it was extreme. She did not fear her father's position. He was going to be made unhappy, and that it should be through her means, that she, his favorite child, should be distressing him by her choice, should be filling him with fears and regrets in disposing of her, was a wretched reflection, and she sat in misery till Mr. Garnty appeared again. What? Looking at him? She was a little relieved by his smile. In a few minutes, he approached the table where she was sitting with Kitty. While pretending to admire her worth, said in a whisper, go to your father who wants you in the library. She was gone directly. Her father was walking about the room, looking great and anxious. Lizzy, said he, what are you doing? Are you out of your senses to be accepting this man? Have not you always hated him? How earnestly did she then wish that her former opinion had been more reasonable, her expressions more moderate? It would have spared her from explanations and professions which it was exceedingly awkward to give, but they were now necessary, and she assured him that some of the people who were not allowed to be a good person. Or another woman who already turned into half him. He is rich to be sure, and you may have more fine clothes and fine characters than Jane. But will they make you happy? Have you any other objection, settled to me, then you're believed to find difference? Then it all, we all are going to be proud of the pleasant sort of minute. This would be nothing. If you really liked him, I do, I do like him, she replied with tears in her eyes. I love him. Indeed, he has no improper pride. He is perfectly amiable. You do not know what he really is, and pray, do not pain me by speaking of him in such terms. Listen, set her father. I have given him my consent. He is the kind of man, indeed, to whom I should not care if he is any kind of man. To tell him to answer the doubts. I now give it to you. You are resolved and having him. What do you find? I think better of it. I know your disposition, Lizzie. I know that you can be neither happy, nor a sacrifice. Unless you truly is seen, your husband. Unless you look up to him as a superior. You are lively, talents would place you in the greatest danger, and an unequal marriage. You could scarcely escape to spread it a misery. My child, what we not have the grief of seeing you unable to respect your partner in life. You know not what you are about. The Lizzie bit is still more effective, was earnest and solemn in her reply, and at length by repeated assurances that Mr. Darcy was really the object of her choice, by explaining the gradual change which her estimation of him had undergone, relating for absolute certainty that his infection was not the work of the day, that stood the test of many months of suspense, and the numerating with energy, all his good qualities, she did conquer her father's incredulity, and reconciled him to the match. While my dear, said me when she sees it speaking, I have no more to say, if this be the case, he deserves it. I cannot have kind of a feeling when I was in school or a dear. To conclude. Ah! She then called me in love with Mr. Darcy and Paul and her husband. He heard her voice as a college student. This is the evening of one day. And so, Darcy could everything, made up the match, is the money, made the phone's met and bought in his relationship. So much that I've had. It was saved me a world of trouble in the economy. Had it been your uncle's doing, I must and would, who take it, with these violent young lovers carry everything their own way. As she offered to him to martyr, he will ramp and storm about his love for you and there will be an end of the matter. He then brought the life of her and bears for a few days before. On his reading was for poems a slutter. And after laughing at her some time, he allowed her at last to go, saying as she put a glue. Anyone then called her Mary O'Kinney and then behind quite good leisure. Those who could smile because now we leave, no bearing heavy waves. And after half an hour's quite the function in our own room whose A-Ce joined the other, all of our children are in prison. Everything was too recent for gay and but the evening passed a transply away. There was no longer anything material to be gathered. And the comfort of Eons and familiarity will come in time. One her mother went up to her dressing room and night she followed her and made it for the children. It's a fact that she was most extraordinary. From first hearing it, Mrs. Bennett said quite still and unable to utter a syllable. More was it under many many minutes that she could comprehend and what she heard. They're not in general backwards, you're credit. What we could be doing, you could be paying, you could be paying, you could be paying, you could be paying, you could be paying. Any of them. She began at play to recover. To fidget about in her chair, pick up, sit down again, wonder and bless herself. Good gracious. Lord bless me, only thing. To me, this chair does seem. Pull what I thought it. And just a pretty true, oh my sweetest Lizzy, how rich and heartbreaking will be. What pain honey, what do you want, what parent is your dad? James is nothing to me, but nothing at all. And so deep so happy. So determinedly in some way and some of us, oh my god. All the earlosey, pretty apologised for my thought and dislikes him so much before. I hope he will overcome it. Dear dear Lizzy, I have some time, everything that is charming. Great otters married. 10,000 in a year. Oh, we won. Hope will become a me. I shall be distracted. This was enough to prove that her approvation may not be doubted. And Elizabeth rejoicing that such an effusion was heard only by herself. But before she had been three minutes in her own room, her mother followed her. My dear is child, she cried. I think they've known for the house. 10,000 in a year and very, very more. This is good as a Lord and a special license. You must and shall be married by a special license. But my dear is loved. Tell me what dish Mr. Darcy's particularly fond of. But I may have it tomorrow. This was a sad moment of what her mother's behavior to the gentleman himself might be. And Elizabeth found that, though in the certain possession of his warmest affection, insecure of her relations consent, there was still something to be wished for. But the Mara passed off much better than she expected. From this has been it, luckily stood in such awe of her intended son-in-law. She ventured not to speak to him. And was it was in her power to offer him any attention? Or mark her difference from his opinion? Elizabeth had the satisfaction of seeing her father. Taking things to get acquainted with him. And Mr. Bennett seemed to be rising every hour in his esteem. I admire all my three son-in-law's highly, said me, with him perhaps it's my favorite. But I think I shall like her when his pain quite as well as trains. And with chapter 59. This is a liberal vat recording. All liberal vat recordings are in the same way. For more information or to volunteer, hamburger, please visit liprvat.org. Recorded by any Coleman, Consumeless Missouri, Consumeless Missouri, Consumeless Missouri, 2006. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 60. Elizabeth's spirits soon rising to playfulness again. She wanted Mr. Barcy to account for his having ever forgotten. How did you begin? I think I can comprehend you're going on charmingly when you had once made a beginning. But what could set you off in the first place? I cannot fix on the hour or the spot where the words were played the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun. My beauty you had early was food. And as from my manners, my behavior to you was at least always bordering on the uncivil. And I never spoke to you without rather wishing to give you pain than not. Have you seen Seer? Did you admire me for my impertinence? For the liveliness of your mind I did. You may as well call it impertinence at once. It was very little less. The fact is that you were sick of civility. Of deference, of a ficious attention. You were disgusted with a woman who were always speaking and looking and thinking for your Approbation alone. I roused an interest of you because I was so unlike them. But you not been really amiable. You would have hated me for it. But in spite of the pains you took to disguise yourself, Your feelings were always noble and just. And in your heart, you thoroughly despised the persons who so assiduously corded you. There, I have saved you the trouble of accounting for it. And really all things considered, I begin to think it perfectly reasonable. To be sure, you knew no actual good of me. But nobody thinks of that when they fall in love. Was there no good in your affection to behave your to Jane while she was ill at another field? Dearest Jane, who could have done less for her? But make a virtue of it by all means. My good qualities are under your protection, and you are to exaggerate them as much as possible. And in return it belongs to me to find occasions for teasing and quarreling with you as often as maybe. And I shall begin directly by asking you what made you so unwilling to come to the point at last. What made you so shy of me when you first called, and afterwards dined here? Why especially when you called? Did you look as if you did not care about me? Because you were grave and silent and gave me no encouragement. But I was embarrassed, and so was I. You might have talked to me more when you came to dinner. The man who had felt less might. How unlucky that you should have a reasonable answer to give, and that I should be so reasonable as to admit it. But I wonder how long you would have gone on if you had been left to yourself. I wonder when you would have spoken if I had not asked you. My resolution of thanking you for your kindness to Lydia had certainly great effect. To my chime of braid, for what becomes of the moral if our comfort springs from a breach of promise. For I ought not to have mentioned this subject. This will never do. You may not distrust yourself, the moral will be perfectly fair. Lady Catherine's unjustifiable endeavors to separate us were the means of removing all my doubts. I am not indebted for my present happiness to your eager desire of expressing your gratitude. I was not in the humor to wait for any opening of yours. My aunts and intelligence had given me hope, and I was determined at once to know everything. Lady Catherine has been of infinite use, which ought to make her happy for she loves to be of use. But it's wronging. What could you come down to another good court? Was it merely to ride to Longborn and be embarrassed? For had you intended any more serious consequence? My real purpose was to see you, and to judge if I could, whether I might ever hope to make you love me. My about one, or what I about myself was to see whether your sister were still partial to Bingley, and if she were to make the confession to him which I have since made. Shall you ever have courage to announce Lady Catherine what is to be fall her? I am more likely to want more time than courage Elizabeth, but it ought to be done. And if you can feel she's a paper, she'll be done there eventually. I had not a letter to write to myself, I might sit by you and admire the evenness of your writing. As another young lady once did, I have an aunt too who must not be longer neglected. From an unwillingness to confess how much her intimacy with Mr. Darcy had been overrated, Elizabeth had never yet answered Mrs. Gardener's long letter, but now having that to communicate which she knew would be most welcome, she was almost ashamed to find that her uncle had already lost three days of happiness, and immediately wrote as follows. I would have thank you before my dear aunt as I ought to have done for your long, kind, satisfactory detail of particulars, but to say the truth I was too cross to write. You suppose more than really existed, but now, suppose as much as you choose, give a loose rain to your fancy, and dull your imagination in every possible flight which the subject will afford. And unless you believe me actually married, you cannot greatly air. You must try to again very soon and praise him a great deal more than you did in your last. I thank you again and again for not going to the lakes. How could I be so silly as to wish it? Your idea of the ponies is delightful. We will go around the park every day. I am the happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so before, but not one with such justice. I'm happier even than Jane. She only smiles. I laugh. Mr. Darcy sends you all the love in the world that he can spare from me. You are all to come to Pemberley at Christmas. Yours, et cetera. Mr. Darcy's letter, Lady Catherine, was in a different style. And still different from either was what Mr. Bennett sent to Mr. Collins and replied to his last. Dear Sir, I must trouble you once more for congratulations. Elizabeth will soon be the wife of Mr. Darcy. Consol Lady Catherine, as well as you can. But if I were you, I would stand by the nephew. He has more to give. Yours and silly, et cetera. Ms. Bingley's congratulations to her brother on his approaching marriage for all that was affectionate and sincere. She wrote even to Jane on the occasion to express her delight and repeat all her former professions of regard. Jane was not deceived, but she was affected. And though feeling no reliance on her, could not help writing her a much kinder answer than she knew she deserved. The joy which Mr. Darcy expressed on receiving similar information was it sincere as her brothers and sending it. Four sides of paper were insufficient to contain all her delight and her earnest desire being loved by her sister. Before any answer could arrive from Mr. Collins or any congratulations to Elizabeth from his wife, The long-born family heard that the Collins is becoming themselves to Lucas' lodge. The reason of this sudden removal was soon evident. Lady Catherine had been rendered so exceedingly angry by the contents of her nephew's letter that Charlotte really rejoicing in the match was anxious to get away to the storm was blown over. At such a moment the arrival of her friend was a sincere pleasure to Elizabeth. Though in the course of their meetings, she must sometimes think the pleasure dearly bought when she saw Mr. Darcy exposed to all the peridding and of sequence civility of her husband. Before it, however, would admirable calmness. You could even listen to Sir William Lucas when he complimented him on carrying away the brightest jeweled the country and expressed his hopes of their all meeting frequently at St. James's and very decent composure. If he did truck his shoulders, it was not to Sir William was out of sight. Mrs. Phillips's vulgarity was another and perhaps a greater tax on his forbearance. And though Mrs. Phillips as well as her sister, she stood in too much awe and to speak with him in the air to her lovely good humor encouraged. Yet whenever she did speak, she must be vulgar. Nor was her respect for him, though it made her more quiet and all likely to make her more elegant. Elizabeth did all she could to shield him from the frequent notice of either, and was ever anxious to be speaking to her self. And to those of her family with him, he might converse without more defamation. And though the uncomfortable feelings are rising, all this took from the season of the poor Campbell, the sugar that's plagiarism. It added to the hope of the future. And she looked forward with delight to the time when they should be removed from society, so little pleasing to either, to all the comfort and elegance of their family party at Pemberley. And if chapter 60, this is a liberal vaction recording. All liberal vaction recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer, please visit liprvac.org. Recorded by Annie Coleman in St. Louis, Missouri, in January, 2006. Pride and prejudice in the Kingdom. Chapter 60. Elizabeth's spirits soon rising to playfulness again. She wanted Mr. Darcy to account for his having ever fallen in love with her. How can you begin, St. Chief? I can comprehend what you're going on charmingly when you had once made a beginning. What could set you off in the first place? I cannot fix on the hour or the spot or the look or the words which laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun. My beauty you had early withstood. And as for my manners, my behavior to you was at least always bordering on the uncivil. And I never spoke to you without rather wishing to give you pain than not. Now, be sincere. Did you admire me for my impertinent? What the liveliness of your mind I did? You may as well call it impertinent at once. It was very little less. The fact is that we were sick of similarity, we've deference, a vicious attention. We were disgusted with a woman who were always speaking and looking and thinking for your epicion alone. I roused an interest in you because I was so unlike them. Had you not been really amiable, you would have hated me for it. But in spite of the pains you took to disguise yourself. You're feeling like you're always no more in justice. And in your heart, you thoroughly despised the persons who so assiduously corded you. There, I have saved you the trouble of accounting for it. And really all things considered, I begin to think it perfectly reasonable. To be sure, you knew no actual good of me, but nobody thinks of that when they fall in love. Was there no good in your affection to be able to change? Well, she was a little bit never killed. Dearest Jane, who could have done less for her? But make a virtue of it by all means. I go qualities are under your protection, and you are to exaggerate them as much as possible. And in return it belongs to me to find occasions for teasing and quarreling with you as often as maybe. And I shall begin directly by asking you what made you so unwilling to come to the point at last. What made you so shy of me when you first called, and afterwards stined here. Why is socially going to fall? He did look at me as he did not care about men. Because you were brave and silent and gave me no encouragement. But I was embarrassed, and so was odd. You might have talked to me more when you came to dinner. The man who had felt less might. How unlucky that you should have a reasonable answer to give, and that I should be so reasonable as to admit it. But I wonder how long you would have gone on. Have you had been loved to yourself? I wonder when you would have spoken if I had not asked you. My resolution of thanking you for your kindness to Lydia had certainly great effect. Too much I am afraid for what becomes a memorial if our comfort springs from a breach of promise. For I ought not to have mentioned this subject. This will never do. You need not to stress yourself. The memorial will be perfectly fair. Lady Catherine's unvestifiable endeavors to separate us. Who do means of removing all my doubts. I am not indebted from my present happiness to your eager desire of expressing your gratitude. I was not in a humor to wait for any opening of yours. My aunts and intelligence had given me hope, and I was determined at once to know everything. Lady Catherine has been of infinite use, which ought to make her happy for she loves to be of use. But tell me, what did you come down to another field for? Was it merely to ride to a long board and be embarrassed? Or had you intended any more serious consequence? My real purpose was to see you and to judge if I could, whether I might ever hope to make you love me. My avowed one, or what I vowed to myself was to see whether your sister were still partial to Bingley. And make sure to make the construction of your giant sense today. Shall you ever have courage to announce Lady Catherine what is to be fall her? I am more likely to want more time than courage Elizabeth, but it ought to be done, and if he will give me a sheet of paper, it shall be done directly. And if I had not allowed her to write to myself, I might sit by you and admire the evenness of your writing. As another young lady once did, I have an aunt too who must not be longer neglected. From an unwillingness to confess how much her intimacy with Mr. Darcy had been overrated. Elizabeth had never yet answered, and this is Gardener's long letter. But now, having that, if communicate which she knew would be most welcome, she is almost ashamed to find that her uncle and aunt had already lost three days of happiness. And immediately wrote as follows. I would have thank you before my dear aunt, as I asked her what kind of her aunt, for your long time, status factor in each color of her picture was. But to say that through those two calls to write, you support me more than really existed. But now, it's a process of my choices. It's a pain to your fancy. And I'll judge your imagination in every possible flight which the subject will afford. And unless you believe me actually married, you cannot greatly air. You must try to get very soon and praise him a great deal more than you did in your last. I thank you again and again for not going to the lakes. How could I be so silly as to wish it? Your idea of the bonuses delightfully. We will go around the park every day. I am the happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so before, but not one with such justice. I'm happier even than Jane. She only smiles. I laugh. Mr. Darcy sends you all to love in the world that he can spare from me. You are all to come to Pemberley at Christmas. Yours, et cetera. Mr. Darcy's letter to Lady Catherine was in a different style. And still different from either was what Mr. Bennett sent to Mr. Collins and replied to his last. Dear Sir, I must trouble you once more for congratulations. Elizabeth will soon be the wife of Mr. Darcy. I'm so Lady Catherine as well as you can. But if I were you, I would send by the nephew. He has more to give. Yours sincerely, et cetera. Ms. Bingley's congratulations to her brother on his approaching marriage for all that was affectionate and sincere. She birthed even to Jane in the equation to express her delight and repeat all her former professions of regard. Jane was not deceived, but she was affected. And though feeling no reliance on her, could not help writing her a much kinder answer than she knew she deserved. The joy which Mr. Darcy expressed on receiving similar information was its sincere as her brothers in sending it. Four sides of paper were insufficient to contain all her delight and her earnest desire being loved by her sister. Before any answer could arrive from Mr. Collins or any congratulations to Elizabeth from his wife, the long-born family heard that the Collins is becoming themselves to Lucas Fog. The reason of this sudden removal was soon evident. Lady Catherine had been rendered so exceedingly angry by the contents of her nephew's letter that Charlotte really rejoicing in the match was anxious to get away to the storm of his long-await her. At such a moment the arrival of her friend was a sincere pleasure to Elizabeth. Though in the course of their meetings, she must sometimes think the pleasure dearly bought. She saw Mr. Darcy exposed to all the periding and obsequious civility of her husband. He bore it, however, with admirable calmness. You could even listen to Sir William Lucas when he complimented him on carrying away the brightest jewel of the country and expressed his hopes of their own luxury at St. James's very decent composure. If he did shrug his shoulders, it was not till Sir William was out of sight. Mrs. Phillips's vulgarity was another, perhaps a greater tax on his forbearance. And though Mrs. Phillips, as well as her sister, stood in too much awe of him to speak with familiarity which bingley's good humor encouraged, yet whenever she did speak she must be vulgar. Nor was her protector, though it made her more quiet and all likely to make her more elegant. Elizabeth did all of the good shield him from the frequent notice of either. It was ever anxious to be from to herself. And to those of the family with him he might converge without mortification and know the uncomfortable feelings arising from all this took from the season of courtship much of its pleasure. It added to the hope of future. And she looked forward to the light to the time when they should be removed from society, so little pleasing to either, to all the comfort and elegance of their family party at Pemberley. End of chapter 60. Chapter 61. Happy for all her maternal feelings, who is today on which Mrs. Bennett got rid of her two most deserving daughters. With what delighted cry and she afterwards visited Mrs. Bingly and talked of Mrs. Darcy, maybe guests. I wish I could say, but a sick of her family, that the accomplishment of her earnest desire and the establishment of so many of her children produced so happy and effect. It was to make her a sensible, amiable, well informed woman for the rest of her life. So perhaps it was lucky for her husband. He might not have relished domestic felicity and so unusual of form that she still was occasionally nervous and invariably silly. Mr. Bennett missed a second daughter exceedingly. His affection for her drew him optiner from home, then anything else could do. He delighted and going to Pemberley, especially when he was least expected. Mr. Bingly and Jane remained at another field only at 12 months. So near a vicinity to her mother and Maryton relations was not desirable even to his easy temper or her affection at heart. The darling wish of his sisters was then gratified. He bought in the state in a neighbor and took a dormitory chair and Jane and Elizabeth in addition to every other source of happiness. Or within 30 miles of each other. Kitty to her very material advantage spent the chief of her time with her two elder sisters. In society, so a superior to what she had generally known. Her improvement was great. She was not of so ungovernable a temper as Lydia. And removed from the influence of Lydia's example, she became by proper attention and management less irritable, less ignorant. And less insipid. From the further disadvantage of Lydia's society, she was of course carefully kept. And though Mrs. Wickham frequently invited her to come and stay with her, with the promising balls and young men, her father would never consent to her going. Mary was the only daughter who remained at home. And she was necessarily drawn from the pursuit of accomplishments by Mrs. Bennett being quite unable to sit alone. Mary was obliged to mix more with the world, but she could still moralize over every morning visit. And as she was no longer mortified by comparison between her sister's beauty and her own, who was suspected by her father, that she submitted to the change without much reluctance. As for Wickham and Lydia, their dressers suffered no revolution from the marriage of her sisters. He bore with philosophy the conviction that Elizabeth must now become acquainted with whatever of his ingratitude and possid before been unknown to her. And in spite of everything was not wholly without hope, the Darcy might yet be prevailed on to make his fortune. The congratulatory letter which Elizabeth received from Lydia on her marriage explained to her that, by his wife at least did not by himself, such a hope was cherished. The letter was to this effect. My dear Lizzy, I wish you joy. If you love Mr. Darcy half as well as I do my dear Wickham, you must be very happy. It is a great comfort to have you so rich and we have nothing else to do, I hope you will think of us. I am sure Wickham would like a place at court very much, and I do not think we shall have quite many enough to live upon without some help. Any place would do of about 300 years, but however, do not speak to Mr. Darcy about it if you had rather not. Yours, etc. As it happened that Elizabeth had much rather not, she endeavored in her answer to put an end to every intrudy and expectation of the kind. Such relief, however, as it was in her power to afford, by the practice of what might be called economy in her own private expenses, she frequently sent them. It had always been evident to her that such an income is theirs, under the direction of two persons so extravagant in their once, and he and this of the future must be very insufficient to their support. And whenever they change their quarters, either Jane or herself were sure of being applied to for some little assistance towards discharging their bills. Their manner of living, even when the restoration of peace dismissed them to a home, was unsettled in the extreme. There were always moving from place to place in quest of achieved situation, and always spending more than they ought. His affection for her soon sunk into indifference. Hers lasted a little longer, and in spite of her youth and her manners, she retained all the claims of reputation which her marriage had given her. Though Darcy could never receive him at Pemberley, yet for Elizabeth's sake, he insisted him further in his profession. Lydia was occasionally a visitor there when her husband was gone to enjoy himself in London or Bath. And with the bingles, they both of them frequently stayed so long that even bingles could humor was overcome, and he proceeded so far as to talk of giving them a hit to be gone. Miss Bingley was very deeply mortified by Darcy's marriage, but as she thought it advisable to retain the right of visiting at Pemberley, she dropped all her resentments, was fondre than ever at Georgiano. Almost as attentive to Darcy is here to four, and paid off every overyear of civility to Elizabeth. Pemberley was now Georgiano's home, and the attachment of the sisters was exactly what Darcy had hoped to see. They were able to love each other even as well as they intended. Georgiano had the highest opinion in the world of Elizabeth, though at first she often listened with Nistana, she's formerly not a lot. A lively sport of men are talking to her father. He, who had always inspired in herself, a respect which almost overcame her affection, she now saw the object of open pleasantry, her mind received knowledge which had never been forefalling her way. By Elizabeth's instructions, she began to comprehend that a woman may take liberties with her husband, which her brother will not always allow in a sister more than ten years younger than herself. Lady Catherine was extremely indicted on the marriage of her nephew. And that she gave way to all the genuine brightness of her character and her reply to the letter which announced its arrangement. She sent him language so very abusive, especially of Elizabeth, that for some time all intercourse was at an end. But at length, by Elizabeth's persuasion, he was provoked over the defense and she collapsed over the region. And after a little further resistance, on the part of his arm, her resentment gave way. Either to her affection for him, or her curiosity to see how his wife conducted herself. And she can't descend into weight on the mid-term really. Despite of that pollution which its woods had received, not merely from the presence of such a mistress, but the visits of her uncle and aunt from the city. With the gardeners, they were always on the most intimate terms. Darcy, as well as Elizabeth, really loved them. And they were both ever sensible of the warmest gratitude towards the persons who, by bringing her into Derby's share, had been the means of uniting them. End of chapter 61. And, and tried to prejudice by Jane Austen.