 This is a lip of Oxford Order. EARP of Oxford Cards and is having a public domain. For more information, please visit thebribrocks.org. Today's reading, Fiden Fejidus by Jane Austen, chapters one to four-year, read by Chris Garbage. Chapter one, it is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in root of life. How have any good known, the field of human such a man may be? What has first entered in a neighborhood? This truth is so well fixed in the world, the surrounding families, that he is considered the mightful property of some one or other of their daughters. My dear Mr. Benz, said his lady to him one day, I think heard that no field of park is let it last. Mr. Benz replied that he had not. But it is returned she, for Mrs. Long has just been here and she told me all about it. Mr. Benz made no answer. Do you not want to know who has taken it? Try it as wife impatiently. You want to tell me. And I have no objection to hearing it. This was invitation enough. Why my dear, must know. Mrs. Long says that never the field is taken by a young man of large fortune from the north of England. But he came down on Monday and had chasened four to see the place. I was so much delighted with it that he agreed with Mr. Morris immediately. That he is to take possession of the Nicholas, and some of his servants are to be in the house by the end of the week. What is his name? Bing. He is married or single. Oh, single my dear, be sure, a single man of large fortune, four or five thousand a year. What a fine thing for our girls. Come soon. How did affect them? My dear, Mr. Benz, the pilot is wife, how can you be so tiresome? You must know that I am thinking of his marim, one of them. Is that his design in settling here? Design? Not since how can you talk so? But it is very likely that he may fall in love with one of them. And therefore, you must visit him as soon as he comes. I see no occasion for that. You and the girls may go, or you may send one himself, which perhaps will be still better. What as you are as handsome as any of them, is to be in, might like you, the best for party. My dear, you flatter me. I certainly have had my share of beauty, but I do not pretend to be anything extraordinary now. When a woman has five grown-up daughters, sure to give over thinking of her own beauty. And such cases in all of us are not just a much better than a good one. But my dear, you must indeed go and see Mr. Binyley when he comes into the neighbourhood. It is more than I engage for. I assure you. But consider your daughters, please, and establish them as a good person. So really, ladies, look as I determined to go, merely on that account. For in general, they visit and know you can, and indeed you must go. So it will be impossible for us to visit him if you do not. You are over-squiping as surely. I dare say Mr. Binyley will be very glad to see him. And I will send him a few lines by you to assure him of my party consent as Mary would whichever he chose of the girls. By most people, good word for my little Lizzy. I desire you will do no such thing. This is not a big bet of me others. I'm sure she is not half so handsome as Jane. No half so much you did. But you always give a big preference. They have none of the much to recommend the MIT. They are all silly and ignorant like other girls. But Lizzy has something more of quickness than her sisters. Mr. Binyley, how can you abuse your thorn and shaw! You didn't like in vexing me. You have no compassion for my claw nerves. Can you stay with me, my dear? I have a high respect for your nerves. They are my old friends. I've heard you mention them with consideration these last 20 years at least. You do not know what to suffer. But I hope you will get over it. And live to see many young men of 4,000 in the year come to the neighborhood. There will be no use to us. If 20 such should come, since you will not visit them. To depend upon us, my dear. That when there were 20, I will visit them. The end was so much to have quickness. Sochastic. To make his wife understand his character. Her mind was less difficult to develop. She was a woman of mean understanding, little information, and uncertain temper. When she was discontented, she fancied herself nervous. The business of her life was to get her daughter's married. Its solace was visiting and news. Chapter 10. Mr. Binyley's mother, the earliest of the nation, was downstairs to be linked. You had always intended to visit him. Then to be lost always assured his wife is sure to go. Until the evening after the visit was paid, she had no knowledge of it. It was then disclosed to the following man. Observing his second daughter. Lloyd intrimming a hat. He suddenly addressed her with, I hope Mr. Binyley will like it, Lizzie. We are not in a way to know what Mr. Binyley liked said her mother, was sentfully, since we are not to visit. But you forget, my mother, said Elizabeth, that we shall meet him at the assemblies, and that Mrs. Long promised to introduce him. I do not believe Mrs. Long will do any such thing. She has two Mrs. Foulow, she is selfish, but fit for woman. But I have no opinion of her. Who no more have I said Mr. Binyley? No, I would like to find that you will not depend on her serving. This is been his name, but to any point. I am able to contain herself, began scolding one of her daughters. Don't keep coughing so kitty for heaven sake. The light burns in the heaven's essence. Kitty has no discretion in her coughs, said her father. She times them ill. I do not cough, my own amusement replied Kitty, fretfully. When is your next all to be Lizzie? Tomorrow fortnight. I so it is quiet, my mother, and Mrs. Long's not come back to the day before. So impossible for her to introduce him. For she will not know himself. Then, my dear, you may have the advantage of your friend. And introduce Mr. Binyley to her. Impossible, Mr. Binyley. Impossible, what I am most worried about myself. How could it be so pleasant? I know your circumstance, but I am sure that your acquaintance is certainly very little. One cannot know what man really is by the end of the fortnight. Little weeven of them, she has somebody else will. And after all, Mrs. Long and her daughters must stand with their chance. And therefore, as she will think of active acquaintance, if you to climb your fist and would take it on myself. The girl stared at her father. Mrs. Binyley said only nonsense. nonsense. What can be the meaning of that empathic exclamation, right? Do you consider the forms of introduction and the stress this has laid on them as nonsense? I cannot quite agree with you there. What say you, Mary? For you are a young lady of deep reflection, I know. And we need great books and make extractors. Many wish to say so sensible. But you know what, how? Ram Mary is adjusting her ideas, he continued. Let us return to Mr. Binyley. I am sick of the thing. I have just tried to hear that. Why did you not tell me that before? If I knew as much as I wanted this certainly would not have called on him. It is very unlikely. But as I have actually paid the visit, he cannot escape the acquaintance. The astonishment of the ladies was just what he wished. That of Mrs. Binyley, perhaps surpassing the vest. Though when the first two months of joy was over, she began to declare that it was what she had expected all the while. How good it was in you, my dear Mr. Binyley. But I knew I should persuade her to ask. I will show you love your girls too, and neglect such an acquaintance. Well, how neat are you? And he is such a good joke too. Then you should have gone this morning and never said a word about it. Now, Kitty, you make coffers much as you choose, it was the minute. And as he spoke, he left the room for tea with the rapture of his wife. What an extent to far you have earned, so she would have been rude. I do not know how you will ever make a men's face kindness or me either for that matter. At our time of life, it is not so pleasant. I don't tell you to be making new acquaintances every day for your sex. You would do anything. Lydia, my love, though you are the youngest. I dare say Mr. Binyley will dance with you at the next hall. Oh, sir, Lydia, stop crying. Hello, I am the youngest. Under the wall of the street. The vest of the evening was spent in conjecturing. How soon he would return Mr. Binyley's visit. And returning, when they should ask him to dinner. Chapter 3. Not all that Mrs. Bennet, however, with the assistance of her five daughters, could ask on the subject. What sufficient to turn to walk from her husband in his set of slack to be described in Mr. Binyley. In genius suppositions and a distant smile is, but he looted the skill of the more. And they would not imagine the second hand intelligence of their neighbour, Lady Lucas. Her report was highly favourable. So William had been delighted with him. He was quite young. One of the hopes and hopes that he would be able to come before him. He meant to be at the next assembly with a large party. Nothing more to light food. To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love. And very lightly hopes and hope in his heart are entertained. If I can but see one of my daughters have been settled in the field. And all the others equally well married, I shall have my family wish for them. In a few days Mr. Binyley returned him Mr. Bennet's visit. And sat about ten minutes with him in his library. He had a good point on the mood to show up at the moment. I've been happy he had heard much, but he saw only the father. The ladies were somewhat more fortunate. For they had the advantage of ascertaining from an upper window that he wore a blue coat and rode a black horse. An invitation to dinner was soon afterwards dispatched. And already had Mrs. Bennet's plan for the courses that were to do credit to her housekeeping when it Arts revived which the third is called. Mr. Binyley was obliged to be in town following day and consequently unable to accept the honour of their invitations. Mrs. Bennet was quite inconserted. She could not imagine what business he could have entailed so soon after his arrival in Hartfordshire. And she could have had a place for the old town following a place to arrive. And never settled another field as he walked to me. Lady Lucas quieted and fierce a little. By stating the idea of his being gone to London only to get a large party for the ball. And of a port, soon followed that Mr. Binyley was to bring twelve ladies and seven gentlemen with him to the assembly. The girls agreed over such a number of ladleers. But were comforted the day before the ball by hearing that instead of twelve he brought only six with him from London. His five sisters had a custom. And in the party entered the assembly, it consisted of only five altogether. Mr. Binyley, his two sisters, the husband of the eldest and another young man. Mr. Binyley was good looking in gentlemanlike. He had a pleasant countenance and easy, unaffected. His sisters were fine women with an air of decided fashion. His brother-in-law is to host nearly looked to the gentleman. But his friend Mr. Darsit soon ruled the attention of the room by his fine, dull person. Handsome features noble name and the report toward the general circulation within five means of his entrance of his having ten thousand. The gentleman pronounced him to be a fine figure man. But they declared he was much handsomeer than Mr. Binyley. And he wasn't looked at with the motivation about half the evening. Till his men escaped to Spaston, which turned the tide of his popularity, for he would discover to be proud to be a boss company and a boss being pleased. And not all his largest and large men saving, for half a million, disembowel countenance and being unworthy to be compared with his friend. Mr. Binyley had soon made himself acquainted with all the books he would be willing to leave. He was livid and unreserved, danced every dance, was angry to the poor close to early, and talked of giving one himself at Netherfield. So he would be called to speak for themselves. What a contrast between him and his friend. Mr. Darsit had only walked with Mr. Darsit, whilst with Miss Binyley, declined being introduced to any other lady, and spent the rest of the evening in walking about the room. Speaking occasionally to one of his own party. His character was decided he was the proudest, most disagreeable man in the world. And everybody hoped he would never come there again. Amongst the most violent against him was Mrs. Bellett, who's disliked his general behaviour sharpened into particular resentment, with his heavy slighted white-furred alters. Elizabeth Bennett had been obliged by the scarcity of gentlemen to work to sit down for two yards. And during part of that time, Mr. Darsit had been standing near enough to let him feel a conversation between him and Mr. Binyley, who came from the dogs for a few minutes to press his phone to join it. He'd asked me to say to me, I must have been a dog, I'd never let his phone go that way myself in this stupid manner. You would not let that! I certainly shall not. You know how I'd attest it, unless I'm particularly acquainted with no partner. At such an assembly as this, it would be insupportable. Your sisters have engaged, and there is not another woman in the room, whom it would not be a punishment to me to stand up with. I would not be so festive, as you are, I used to be willing for the kingdom. Upon my honour, I never met with so many pleasant girls in my life as I have this evening. And there's several of them, you see, uncomantly pretty! You, my dogs, you only handsome girl in the room, said Mr. Darsit, looking at the eldest, and the spin it. Oh, she is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld. But there is one of her sisters sitting down just behind you who is very pretty, and I dare say, there you be, but do let me ask her one of the children. What do you mean? Now, chilling round, he looked for a moment at Elizabeth. Till catching her eye, he would do all his own, and Colby said, she is the one! But not that's enough to do to me. I'm in no humor at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slided by other men. You would better return to your partner and enjoy her smiles. You are wasting your time with me. Mr. Beane followed us advice. Mr. Darsit walked off, and Elizabeth of a main with no very cordial feeling towards him. She told the story, however, with great spirit and influence, for she had a life with playful disposition which delighted in anything ridiculous. The evening altogether passed off pleasantly to the whole family. Mrs. Bennett had seen her eldest daughter much admired by the Netherfield party, Mr. Beane had darts with her twice, and she had been distinguished by her sister. Jane was as much gratified by this as her mother could be, though in a quiet away. Elizabeth felt Jane's pleasure. Neve had heard us of mention to Ms. Beane as the most accomplished girl in the neighborhood, and as there an entity had been fortunate enough never to be without partners, which was all that they had yet learnt to care for as a board. They have turned their thought in good spirits to learn and learn the village where they lived, and of which they were the principal inhabitants. They found him as the Bennett still up. With a book he was the guardless of time, and on the presentation he had a good deal of curiosity out of the events of the evening which had faced such a sad and bad emotions. He had rather than this voice used on the strange he would be disappointed, but he soon found out that he had a different storm to eat. Oh my dear Mr Bennett as she entered the room, we have had the most delightful moments actually, though. I wish you would be there. Jane was so admired and nothing could be like it. Everybody said how well she looked, and Mr Bingley thought her quite beautiful and danced with her twice. Only thing of that to my dear, he actually danced with him twice. And she was the only creature in the room that he asked the second time. First of all he asked Mr Bingley because I was so thick to see him stand up with her. But however he did not admire her at all. Indeed nobody can you know. He had his little foot with Jane as she was going around. So he replied, and she was, and he danced with her. And the two-thirds he danced with was clear. And the two-fourth with mum and her, because of the little frithy Jane. The two-six were the little and the blue-roader. If he had any compassion from me, he tried to have been impatiently. He would not have died half so much. For God's sake say no more of his partner. Oh, did he explain his heart in his first place? Oh my dear, I'm quite delighted with him. He is so excessively handsome. And his sisters are charming women. I never in my life saw anything more elegant than their dresses. I dare say the lace upon Mrs. Hurst's gown. Here she was interrupted again. Mr Benit protested against any description of fine-o-eary. She was therefore obliged to seek another plunge on subject. And the lady, much busy with her, and some exaggeration, would be shortly removed. But I can assure you, she added that Lizzie does not lose much by not shooting his fancy. For he is a most disagreeable hollard man, not at all worth pleasing. So high and so conceited, but there was no enduring him. He worked here, he worked there, fancy and so so delicate. Not handsome enough to dance with. I wish he would be in my day to have given him one of your setdowns. I quite did test your mind. She's the end. This is where you would live off this morning. All Librevox recordings are in the public domain. For more information, art of volunteer, please visit librevox.org. Today is reading by Kara Shalinberg. www.kray.org. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. chapters 4 and 5. chapter 4 When Jane and Elizabeth were alone, the former who had been cautious in her praise of Mr. Bingley before, expressed to her sister just how very much she admired him. He is just what a young man ought to be. Said she, sensible, good humored, lively, and I never saw such happy manners, so much ease with such perfect good breeding. He is also handsome, replied Elizabeth, which a young man ought likewise to be if he possibly can. I would very much flatter him by the asking me to dance a second time. I did not expect such a compliment. Did not you? I did for you, but that is one great difference between us. Compliments always take you by surprise, and me never. What could be more natural than his asking you again? He could not help seeing that you were about five times as pretty as every other woman in the world. No thanks to his gallantry for that. Well, he certainly is very agreeable, and I give you leave to like him. You have liked many a stupider person. Oh, you are a good deal to apt, you know, to like people in general. You never see a fault in anybody. All the world are good and agreeable in your eyes. I never heard you speak ill of a human being in your life. I would not wish to be hasty and censuring anyone, but I always speak what I think. I know you do, and it is that which makes the wonder, with your good sense to be so honestly blind to the follies and nonsense of others. Affectation of candor is common enough, one meets with it everywhere, but to be candid without ostentation or design, to take the good of everybody's character and make it still better, and say nothing of the bad, belongs to you alone. And so you like this man's sister too, do you? Their manners are not equal to his. Certainly not, at first, but they are very pleasing women when you converse with them. Miss Bingley is to live with her brother and keep his house, and I am much mistaken if we shall not find a very charming neighbor in her. Elyseveth listened in silence, but was not convinced. Their behavior at the assembly had not been calculated to please in general, and with more quickness of observation and less pliancy of temper than her sister. And with a judgment too unassailed by any attention to herself, she was very little disposed to approve them. They were in fact very fine ladies, not deficient in good humor when they were pleased, nor in the power of making themselves agreeable when they chose it, but proud and conceded. They were rather handsome, had been educated in one of the first private seminaries in town, had a fortune of £20,000, were in the habit of spending more than they ought, and of associating with people of rank, and were therefore in every respect entitled to think well of themselves and meanly of others. They were other respectable family in the north of England. A circumstance more intensely impressed on their memories than that their brothers' fortune and their own had been acquired by trade. Mr. Bingley inherited property to the amount of nearly 100,000 pounds from his father. He had intended to purchase any state, but did not live to do it. Mr. Bingley intended it likewise, and sometimes made choice of money. But as he was now provided with a good house and the liberty of a manner, it was doubtful to many of those who best knew the easiness of his temper, whether he might not spend the remainder of his days at Netherfield, and leave the next generation to purchase. His sisters were anxious for his having an estate of his own, but though he was now any established as a tenant, Miss Bingley was by no means unwilling to preside at his table. Nor was Mrs. Hearst, who had married a man of more fashion than fortune. Less than suppose to consider his house as her home when it suited her. Mr. Bingley had not been of age two years when he was tempted by an accidental recommendation to look at Netherfield house. He did look at it and into it for half an hour was pleased with the situation and the principal rooms satisfied with what the owner said in its praise and took it immediately. Between him and Darcy there was a very steady friendship in spite of great opposition of character. Bingley was endeared to Darcy by the easiness, openness, and the cruelty of his temper, though no discrepancy could offer a greater contrast to his own, and though with his own he never appeared dissatisfied. On the strength of Darcy's regard Bingley had the firmest reliance and of his judgment the highest opinion. In understanding Darcy was the superior. Bingley was by no means deficient, but Darcy was clever. He was at the same time, haughty, reserved, and festidious, and his manners though well-bred were not inviting. In that respect his friend had greatly the advantage. Bingley was sure of being liked wherever he appeared. Darcy was continually giving a fence. The manner in which they spoke of the Maritana Assembly was sufficiently characteristic. Bingley had never met with more pleasant people or prettier girls in his life. Everybody had been most kind and attentive to him. There had been no formality. She had soon felt acquainted with all the room, and as to miss Benett he could not conceive an angel more beautiful. Darcy on the contrary had seen a collection of people in whom there was little beauty and no fashion. For none of whom he felt the smallest interest, and from none received either attention or pleasure. Miss Benett, here acknowledged to be pretty, but she smiled too much. Mrs. Hearst and her sister allowed it to be so, but still they admired her and like her, and friends turned to be a sweet girl, and why didn't they would not object to know more of? Miss Benett was therefore established as a sweet girl, and their brother felt authorized by such commendation to think of her as he chose. End of chapter 4 Chapter 5 Within a short walk of Longborn lived a family with whom the Benets were particularly intimate. Sir William Lucas had been formerly in trade on Arisen, where he had made a tolerable fortune and risen to the honor of nighthood by an address to the king during his mayoralty. The distinction had perhaps been felt too strongly. It had given him a disgust to his business, and to his residents in a small market town, and, in quitting them both, he had removed with his family to a house about a mile from Mariton. Denominated from that period, Lucas Lodge, where he could think with pleasure of his own importance and unshackled by business, occupy himself solely in being civil to all the world. For, though elated by his rank, it did not render him supercellious. On the contrary, he was all attention to everybody. By nature, inoffensive, friendly, and obliging, his presentation at St. James's had made a courteous. Lady Lucas was a little bit more, but the little bit louder than the little bit louder than the little bit. They had several children. The eldest of them, a sensible, intelligent young woman, about 27, was Elizabeth's intimate friend. That the mislead of food and the mislead of food is probably more wrong than what's in it. And the morning after the assembly brought the former to Montmore to hear it. You began the evening well, Charlotte, said Mrs. Bennett, with civil self-command to Miss Lucas. You were Mr. Bingley's first choice. Yes, but he seemed to like his second better. Oh, you mean Jane, I suppose, because he danced with her twice. To be sure that did seem as if he admired her. Indeed, I rather believe he did. I heard something about it, but I hardly know what. Something about Mr. Robinson. Perhaps you mean what I overheard between him and Mr. Robinson. Did not I mention it to you? Mr. Robinson's asking him how he liked our merits and assemblies, and whether he did not think there were great many pretty women in the room. And which he thought the prettiest. And his answering immediately to the last question, Oh, the eldest Miss Bennett, beyond a doubt, there cannot be two opinions on that point. Upon my word, well, that is very decided indeed. That does seem as if, but however, it may all come to nothing, you know. My overhearings were more to the purpose than yours, Eliza, said Charlotte. Mr. Darcy is not so well worth listening to as his friend, is he? Poor Eliza, to be only just tolerable. I beg you would not put it into Lizzie's head to be vexed by his ill treatment. For he is such a disagreeable man that it would be quite a misfortune to be liked by him. Mrs. Long told me last night that he set close to her for half an hour, without once opening his lips. Are you quite sure, Ma'am? Is not there a little mistake? Said Jane. I certainly saw Mr. Darcy speaking to her. I, because she asked him at last how he liked another field, and he could not help answering her. But she said he seemed quite angry at being spoke to her. Ms. Bingley told me, said Jane, that he never speaks much, unless among his intimate acquaintances. With them, he is remarkably agreeable. I do not believe a word of it, my dear. If he had been so very agreeable, he would have talked to Mrs. Long. But I can guess how it was. Everybody says that he is eat up with pride, and I dare say he had heard somehow that Mrs. Long does not keep a carriage. And had come to the ball in a hack-shaze. I do not mind his not talking to Mrs. Long, said Ms. Lucas, but I wish he had danced with Eliza. Another time, Lizzie, said her mother, I would not dance with him, if I were you. I believe, Ma'am, I may safely promise you never to dance with him. His pride, and his Lucas, does not offend me so much as pride often does. He goes good, excuse me. One cannot wonder that so very fine a young man, with family, fortune, everything in his family. If I mean so, it's fine. He has a right to be proud. That is very true, replied Elizabeth, and I could easily forgive his pride if he had not mortified mine. Pride observed Mary, who picked herself upon the solidity of her reflections. It's a very common failing, I believe. I all but I have ever read, I am confused that it is very common indeed. That human nature is particularly prone to it, and that there are very few of us who do not cherish a feeling of self-complacency on the score of some quality or other, real or imaginary. Vanity and pride are different things, so the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us. If I were as rich as Mr. Darcy, cried a young Lucas who came with his sisters. I should not care how proud I was. I would keep the clock of the clock sound and drink a bottle of wine today. Then you would drink a great deal more than you ought. Sid Misses Bennett, and if I were to see you at it, I should take away your bottle directly. The boy protested that she should not. She continued to declare that she would, and the argument ended early with the visit. And of chapter 5, recorded on November 6, 2005, in Oceanside, California. This is a Librevox recording. All Librevox recordings are in the public domain for more information or to volunteer visit librevox.org. Pride in prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 6. The ladies of Long Boys soon waited on his head at the end. The visit was returned in due form. Miss Bennett's pleasing manners grew on the goodwill of Mrs. Hurst in this bingy, and though the mother was found to be intolerable, and the young sisters not worth speaking to. A wish of being better acquainted with them was expressed towards the two eldest. By Jane, this attention was received with the greatest pleasure, but Elizabeth still saw supercelliousness in their treatment of everybody, hardly accepting even her sister. He could not like them. Though their kindness to Jane, such as it was, how to value it was arising in all probability from the influence of their brothers admiration. It was generally evident whenever they met that he did admire her. And to hurt it with equally evident, the Jane was eeuwringed to preference which should be done to entertain for him from the perks. And was in a way to be very much around. But she considered with pleasure that it was not likely to be discovered by the world in general. Since Jane united with great strength of feeling, a composure of temper and a uniform cheerfulness of manner, which would guide her to the sisters of the impertinent. You mentioned this to your friend, this rucous. It may perhaps be pleasant, replied Charlotte, to be able to impose on the public in such a case, but it is sometimes a disadvantage to be so very guarded. If a woman can see also a infection, the same still can be perfect of it. She may lose the opportunity of fixing him, and it will then be but poor consolation to believe the world equally in the dark. There is so much of gratitude or vanity in almost every attachment that it's not safe to leave any to itself. Or we can all begin freely, a slight preference is natural enough, but there are few of us who hurt enough to be really in love without encouragement. In nine cases out of ten, a woman had better show more affection than she feels. Bingley likes your sister and doubtfully, but he may never give her a reason like her. She doesn't help her. But she does hope him out. As much as her nature will allow, if I can perceive her regard for him, he must be as simple to indeed not to discover it too. Remember Eliza, that he does not know Jane's disposition as you do. What if a woman is partial to a man and does not endeavor to conceal it? He must be a whiff! She must be a whiff! She must be a whiff! She must be a whiff! But the Bingley and Jane meet tolerably often, it is never for many hours together. And as they always see each other in large mixed parties, it's impossible that every moment should be employed and confercing together. Jane should therefore make the most of every hot hour in which she can command her's attention. When she is secure of him, there will be more leisure for falling in love as much as she chooses. Your plan is a good one. You can hide over to them. We're nothing is in question, but the desire of being well married. And if I were determined to get a rich husband or any husband, I dare say I should adopt it. But these are not Jane's feelings. She is not acting by design. As yet, she cannot even be certain that the decay of her own regard, nor of its reason of illness. She has known him only a fortnight. She danced four dances with him at Mariton. She saw him one morning at his own house, and has since died with him in company four times. This is not quite enough to make her understand his character. Not as you represent it. Had she merely died with him, she might only have discovered whether he had a good appetite. But you must remember that four evenings have also been spent together, and four evenings may do a great deal. Yes, these four evenings have enabled them to ascertain that they both like vent on better than commerce, but with respect to any other leaving characteristic. I do not amare, but much is been unfolded. Well, such as the Irish Jane's success with all my heart, and if she were married to him tomorrow, I should think she had as good a chance of happiness as if she were to be studying as character for a 12 month. Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. If the dispositions of the parties are ever so well known to each other, or ever so similar before hand, it does not advance the felicity in the least. They always continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards, to have their share of the exasciation, and it's better to know as little as possible for the effects of the person who needs to pass your life. If you laughed Charlotte, but it's not sound. You know it's not sound and you would never act this way yourself. On the part of an observing Mr. Dingley's attention to the sister, Elizabeth was bought from suspecting that she was herself becoming an object of some interest in the eyes of his friend. Mr. Darcy had it first scarcely allowed her to be pretty. He had looked at her without admiration at the ball, and when next they met, he looked at her only to criticize. But no sooner had he made it clear to himself and to his friends that she hardly had a good feature in her face. Then he began to find it was rendered uncomantly intelligent by the beautiful expression of her dark eyes. To this discovery succeeded some others equal in more defying. But he had detected with a critical eye more than one failure with perfect symmetry on the form. He was forced to acknowledge her figure to be like and pleasing. And in spite of his asserting that her manners were not those of the fashionable world, he was caught by the easy playfulness. Of course she was perfectly on the way. To her, he was only the man who made himself agreeable nowhere, and who had not thought her handsome enough to dance with. He began to wish to know more of her, and as a step towards conversing with herself, attended to her conversation with others. He's doing so drew her notice. It wasn't surreal you look at her, it was a large party where assembled. What does Mr. Darcy mean? She said to Charlotte, by listening to my conversation with Colonel Horster. That's a question which Mr. Darcy only can answer. But if he doesn't anymore, I shall certainly let him know that I see what he's about. He has a very satirical eye, and if I do not begin by being impertinit myself, I shall soon grow a fray to call on his approach and then see what he's like. So without seeming to have any intention of speaking, Ms. Lucas defined her friend to mention such a subject to him, which immediately provoking Elizabeth to do it. She turned to him and said, did you not think Mr. Darcy, that I expressed myself uncomantly well just now when I was teasing Colonel Horster to give us a ball at Marathon? With great energy, but it's always a subject which makes a lady energetic. You are severe on us. It will be her turn soon to be teased, so this Lucas, I am going to open the instrument Eliza and you know what follows. You are a strange creature by way, the friend always might need to play and sing for anybody. My vanity had taken a musical turn. You would be invaluable, but as it is, I'd really rather not sit down before those who must be in the habit of hearing the very best performers. On this Lucas's persevering, however, she added very well if it must be so it must be. And gravely glancing at Mr. Darcy. There's a final saying that everybody here is of course familiar with. Keep your breath to cool your porridge, and I shall keep mine just well, my song. Her performance was pleasing, though by no means capital. After a song that she wanted to focus on, she would be thanking. She used to several that she would sing again. She was eagerly succeeded at the instrument by her sister Mary, who having inconsequence of being the only plain one in the family, worked hard for knowledge and accomplishments, and was always impatient for display. Mary had neither genius nor taste, and the vanity had given her application. It had given her likewise but pedantic error and conceded manner, which would have injured a higher degree of excellence than she had reached. Elizabeth, easy and unaffected, had been listened to with much more pleasure, they're not playing half so well. And Mary at the end of a long concerto, was glad to purchase praise and gratitude by Scotch and Irish heirs, the request of her younger sisters, and all the time of the liquor season, two or three officers, joined eagerly and dancing at one end of the room. Mr. Darcy stood here then in silent and big-dation at such a mode of passing the evening to the exclusion of all conversation, and was much too engrossed by his thoughts to perceive that Sir William Lucas was his neighbor, until Sir William must begin. What a charming amusement for young people this is, Mr. Darcy. There's nothing like dancing after all, I consider it as one of the first refinements of Polish society. Certainly so, and it has the advantage also of being in folk amongst the best Polish societies of the world, every savage condense. Sir William on this mile. We were friendly to the performance delightfully, he continued after his husband, unseen, being the join the group, and I doubt not that you were an adept in the science yourself, Mr. Darcy. You saw me dance at Marit and I believe Sir. Yes indeed, and receive no inconsiderable pleasure from the sight, do you often dance at St. James's? You never, sir. Do you not think it would be a proper compliment to the place? It is a compliment which I never pay to any place if I could avoid it. You have a house in town, I conclude. Mr. Darcy bowed. I had once some thought of fixing and telling myself, more and fond of superior society, but I did not feel quite certain that the air of one day would agree with Lady Lucas. He ponds his hopes of an answer. But his companion was not disposed to make any, and Elizabeth, at that instant, would be towards them. He was struck with the action of doing a very gallant thing, called out to her. My dear Mr. Liza, why are you not dancing? Mr. Darcy, you must allow me to present this young lady to you, as a very desirable partner. You cannot refuse to dance, I'm sure, when so much beauty is before you. And taking her hand, he would have given it to Mr. Darcy, whom she would have experienced a prize. It was not a villain to receive it. When she instantly drew back and said with some discomposier to Sir William, in Dizor, I have not the least intention of dancing. I intrigued you not to suppose that I moved this way in order to beg for a partner. Mr. Darcy, with grave propriety, requested to be allowed the honor of her hand, but in vain. Elizabeth was determined. Nor did Sir William at all shake her purpose by his attempt at persuasion. You excel so much in the dance, Mr. Liza, but it's cruel to deny me the happiness of seeing you, and though this gentleman dislikes the amusement in general, he can have no objection, I'm sure, to have lied just for one half hour. Mr. Darcy is all politeness, said Elizabeth, smiling. He is indeed, but considering the inducement, my dear Liza, can we not wonder at his complacence? For who would object to such a partner? Elizabeth looked archely and turned away. Her resistance had not entered her with a gentleman, and he was thinking of her with some complacency, when Nosa costed by Ms. Bingley. I can guess the subject of your referee. I should have nodded not. You all are considering how insupportable it would be to pass many evenings in this manner, in such society, and indeed I, the way of your opinion, I was never more annoyed, the insupportable it would be to realize. The nothingness, and yet the self-importance, all these people, I would do it to be a special one. You are congratulate instead of the long-mission, my mind would more greatly gain. I'd been meditating on the very great pleasure, which at Para Fine Eyes in the face of a pretty woman, Mr. Mr. Bisto, Ms. Bingley immediately fixed her eyes on his face, and desired he would tell her what lady had the credit of inspiring such reflections. Mr. Darsary applied with great intripetity. Mr. Elizabeth Bennett. Ms. Elizabeth Bennett? Repeated Ms. Bingley. I am all astonishment. How long has she been such a favorite? I'm prayer when a much will wish you joy, but this exactly the question which I expect you to ask. A lady's imagination is very rapid. It jumps from admiration to love, from love to match her money and a moment. I knew you would be wishing me joy. Hmm. If you're serious about it, I shall consider the matter as absolutely settled. You'll be having a charming mother-in-law and date, and of course she will always be a pepemberly with you. He listened to her with perfect indifference, while she chose to entertain herself in this manner, and as his confuser, he goes to her without a suit. With a good playpony. End of chapter 6. Read by Christian McClillan, how Jojapem, November 7, 2005. This is a Librivox recording. All Librivox recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer, visit Librivox.org. Pardon Cuddles by Jane Austin, chapter 7. Mr. Bennett's property consisted almost entirely on an estate of 2000 a year, which, unfortunately for his daughters, was entailed in default of air's mail on a distant relation. And their mother's fortune, though ample for her situation in life, could but ill supply the deficiency of haze. Her father had been an attorney and married him, and had left her 4,000 parlans. She had a sister married to an ester Phillips, who'd been equipped to their father and succeeded him in the business, and a brother settled in London in a respectable line of trade. The village of Longborn was only one mile from the mountain, and most convenient distance for the young ladies who were easily tempted to their three or four times a week to pay their duty to their aunt until a milliner shop just over the way. The two youngest of the family, Catherine and Lydia, were particularly frequent in these attentions. Their minds were more vacant than their sisters, and when nothing better offered, a walk to Meriton was necessary to amuse their morning hours and furnish conversation for the evening. And however, there of news, the country in general might be, they always can try to learn something from their aunt. At present, indeed, they were well supplied, both with news and happiness, by the recent arrival of a militia regiment in the neighborhood. It was to remain the whole winter, and Meriton was the headquarters. Their visits to Mrs. Phillips were now productive of the most interesting intelligence. Every day added something to their knowledge of the officer's names and connections. Their lodgings were not long a secret, and at length they began to know the officers themselves. Mr. Phillips visited the mall, and this opened to his nieces, a store of publicity, unknown before. They could talk of nothing but officers. And Mr. Bingley's large fortune, the mention of which gave animation to their mother, was worthless in their eyes when opposed to the regiments of an innocent. After listening one morning to their effusions on this subject, Mr. Bennett Williams, from all that I can collect by your manner of talking, and I must be too abistilious girls in the country. I've suspected it some time, but I am now convinced. Catherine was just concerted and made no answer, but maybe I would prefer the con-difference, continue to express her admiration of Captain Carter, and her hope of seeing him in the course of the day, as he was going the next morning to London. I'm astonished, my dear. So Mrs. Bennett, that you should be so ready to think your own children's silly. If I wished to think slightly of anybody's children, should not be of my own, however. If my children are silly, I must hope to be always sensible of it. Yes, but as it happens, they're all of the very clever. This is the only point I flatter myself on which we do not agree. I'd hope that our sentiments coincided in every particular, but I must so far differ from you as to think our two youngest daughters uncommonly foolish. My dear Mr. Bennett, you must not expect such girls to have the sense of their father and mother. When they get to our age, I dare say they will not think about officers anymore than we do. I remember the time when I liked to redcoat myself very well, and in three months, they did it, my heart. And if a smart girl would kind of require this if there's no one to welcome them. My girls, my shall not say nay to him. And I thought Colonel Forster looked very at becoming the other night at Sir Wilhelm. You can hear the red and that's it. Mom and her, for you. My answer is the Colonel Forster and Captain Carter do not go so often to this Watson so they did when they first came. She sees them now very often standing in Clark's library. Mrs. Bennett was prevented from replying by the entrance of the footman, with a note for Ms. Bennett. It came from another field, and the servant waited for an answer. Mrs. Bennett's eyes sparkle with pleasure, which he was eagerly calling out on her daughter, Will Jane, who's a father? What's in the mouth? What can she say? Will Jane make hasten tell us, make hasten love? It is from Ms. Bingley, Sir Jane, and then redored aloud. My dear friend, if you are not so compassionate as to dying today with the Weaset and me, we shall be in danger of hating each other for the rest of our lives. For a whole day is tetatet between two women to never end without a quarrel. Come as soon as you can when we see to this, my brother and the gentleman are to die with me officers. I was never in a caroline thing. With the officers, cried Lydia. I wonder my aunt did not tell us of that. Dining out, said this has been it, that is very unlucky. Can I have a carriage? Ask Jane. No, my dear, you did not go on horseback because it seems likely to rain, and then you must stay all night. That would be a good scheme, said Elizabeth, if you were sure that they would not offer to send her home. Oh, with the gentleman we will have Mr. Bingley's chairs to go to the Marathon, and the first submenor horses to theirs. I'd much rather go to the coach. But my dear, your father cannot spare the horses. I'm sure they wanted in the farm, Mr. Gunnick, or they not. They wanted in the farm, much healthier than I can get them. But if you've got them today, said Elizabeth, my mother's purpose will be answered. She did it last, extort from her father, and acknowledgement that the horses were engaged. Jane was therefore obliged to go on horseback, and her mother attended her to the do-of-the-dwarth many cheerful prognostics of a bad day. Her hopes were answered. Jane had not been gone long before it rained hard. Her sisters were uneasy for her, but her mother was delighted. The rain continued the whole evening without a commission. Jane, certainly not come back. This was a lucky idea of mine, indeed, said Mrs. Bennett more than once, as if the credit of making it rain were all her own. Till the next morning, however, she was not aware of all the publicity of her contrivens. Breakfast was scarce leover when a servant from another field brought the following notes for Elizabeth. My dear, Lizzy, I find myself very unwell this morning, which I suppose is to be imputed to my getting wet through yesterday. My kind friends will not hear of my returning to line better. The insist also on my seeing Mr. Jones, therefore do not be alarmed if he should hear of his having been to me. And accepting a source throw and headache, there is not much the matter with me. Yours, et cetera. Well, my dear, said Mr. Bennett, when Elizabeth had read the note aloud. If your daughter should have a dangerous bit of illness, she should cry. It would be a comfort to note in the call of the suit of Mr. Bingley and under your orders. Oh, I'm not afraid of her dying. People do not die of little trifling colds. She'll be taken good care of. As long as she stays there, it is all very well. I would go and see her if I could have the carriage. Elizabeth, feeling really anxious, was determined to go to her, though the carriage was not to be had, and as she was no worse woman, walking was her only alternative. She declared her resolution. How can you be so silly, my dear mother? I still think of such a thing. Well, there's dirt. You will not be fit to be seen when you get there. I shall be very fit to see Jane, which is all I know. Is this a good to me, Lizzie? So, her father just seemed for the horkeys. No indeed, I do not wish to avoid the walk. The distance is nothing when one has a motive only three miles. I shall be back by dinner. I admire the activity of your benevolence. Observe Mary. But every impulsive feeling should be guided by reason. And in my opinion, exertion should always be in proportion to what is required. We will go as far as marriage and with you, Suncather and in Lydia. Elizabeth accepted their company, and the three young ladies set off together. It's a nice waste. It's a brilliant idea that they walked along. Perhaps we may see something of Captain Carter before he goes. In Marathon, they parted the two young guests repaired to the lodgings of one of the officers' wives, and Elizabeth continued to walk alone, crossing field after field at a quick pace, jumping over styles and springing other puddles with impatient activity, and finding herself at last with the view of the house, with weary angles, dirty stockings, and a face glowing with the warmth of exercise. She was shown into the breakfast bar, for all but Jane was assembled, and where her appearance created a great deal of surprise, that she should have walked three miles so early in the day, and such dirty weather in thought herself, was almost incredible to Mrs. Herst and Ms. Bingley, and Elizabeth was convinced that they're hovering in contempt for it. She was received however dedicated to lightly by them, and in the brothers' manners, there was something better than for lightness. There was good humor and kindness. Mr. Darcy said very little, and Mr. Herst, nothing at all. The former was divided between admiration of the brilliancey which exercise had given to her complexion, and doubt as to the occasion's justifying her coming so far alone. The lie was thinking only of his breakfast. Her inquiry is after her sister, we're not very favorably answered. Ms. Bennet had slept ill, and though up was feverish, and not well enough to leave her room. Elizabeth was glad to be taken to her immediately, and Jane, and only had been the call by the fear of giving a loar and convenience from expressing her no, but how much she longed for such a visit. Was delighted with her entrance. She was not equal in however too much conversation, and when Ms. Bingley left them together, could attempt little besides expressions of gratitude for the extraordinary kindness she was treated with. Elizabeth silently attended her. When breakfast was over, they were joined by the sisters, and Elizabeth began to like them herself when she saw how much affection and solicitude they should for Jane. The apothecary came, and having examined his patient said as might be the host, which she had caught a violent cold, and that they must endeavor to get the better of it. It advised her to return to bed and promised her some drops. The advice was followed readily for the feverish symptoms increased and her headache to cutely. Elizabeth did not quit her room for a moment, nor were the other ladies often absent, gentlemen being out, they had, in fact, nothing to do elsewhere. When the clock struck three, Elizabeth felt that she must go and vary unwillingly said so. Ms. Bingley offered her the carriage, and she only wanted a little pressing to accept it, when Jane testified such concern in partying with her, that Ms. Bingley was obliged to convert the offer of the chains to an invitation to an aid that had never failed for the present. Elizabeth, most thankfully, consented, and a servant was dispatched to long-born to equate the family with her stay and bring back his applied clothes. End of chapter seven. Read by Christian McWillin, Tokyo Japan, November 7, 2005. This is a Librevox recording. All Librevox recordings are in the public domain, for more information or to volunteer. Please visit www.saddle. Recording by Morin O'Brien, Marieelectrics.blotspot.com Pride and treasurer. By Jane Austin. Chapter. The two ladies retired to dress, and at half past six, Elizabeth was summoned to dinner. To the civil inquiries which then poured in, and amongst which she had the pleasure of distinguishing the much superior solicitude of Mr. Bingley's, she could not make a very favorable answer. Jane will find no means better. The six girls had her eyes. She could feel her eyes on the street. She was so happy to have a baby. And, how excessively they disliked being ill themselves. And then, thought no more of them. And their indifference towards Jane and that would be really good for them. The story of the two ladies running all the time in the city. Their brother, indeed, was the only one of the party whom she could regard with any complacency. His anxiety for Jane was evident, and his attentions to herself most pleasing, and they prevented her feeling herself so much an intruder as she believed she was considered a challenge. She had very little notice from any but him. Miss Bingley was engrossed by Mr. Darcy. Her sister scarcely less so. And that's for Mr. Hurst, by whom Elizabeth sat. He was an indolent man who lived only the eat, drink and play at cards, who, when he found her to prefer a plain dish to a ragu, had nothing to say to her. When dinner was over, she returned directly to Jane and Miss Bingley began abusing her as soon as she was out. She was so proud to be very bad indeed. Mr. Hurst tried an impurtonance. She had no conversation, no style, no beauty. Mrs. Hurst thought the same and added, she has nothing in short to recommend her, but Bingley and Ex-Mund Walker. I shall never forget her appearance this morning. She really looked almost wild. She did indeed, Louise. I could hardly keep my countenance. Very non-sensical to come at all. Why was she be scampering about the country, because her sister had a cold? Her hair, so untidy, so blowy. Yes, and her petty coat. I hope you saw her petty coat. Six inches deep in mud, I am absolutely certain. The gown should have been let down to hide it, not doing its office. Your picture, very exact, Louise. But this was all lost upon me. I felt Miss Liz Bethelik, and she looked remarkably well when she came into the room this morning. Her dirty petty coat quite escaped my notice. You observed it, Mr. Dysie, I am sure, said Miss Bingley, and I am inclined to think that you would not wish to see your sister make such an exhibition. So it may not. To walk three miles or four miles or five miles, or whatever it was, a buffer ankles in dirt and a loan. Quite alone. What could she mean by it? It seems to me to show an abominable sort of conceiving the pun. Almost country town indifference to decorum. It shows an affection for her sister that is very pleasing, said Bingley. You've prayed, Mr. Dysie. You've served Miss Bingley in half. The this adventure has rather affected your admiration for fine hours. Hello. For the friend of the lander size. I sure paused followed this speech, and Mrs. Hearst began again. I have an excessive regard for Miss Jane Bennett. She is really a very sweet girl, and I wish with all of my hearts she were well set. But with such a father and mother and such low connections, I am afraid there is no chance of it. I think I have heard you say that their uncle is an attorney on Marathon. Yes, and they have another who lives somewhere near cheap side. That is capital added her sister, and they both laughed hardily. If they had uncles enough to fill all cheap side, cried Bingley, it would not make them one job less agreeable. The rest of the church is very pleasant. The nation in the world replied Darcy. To this speech, Bingley made them into, but his sisters gave it their heart a scent, and engulfed their birth for some time at the expense of their dear friends, while the relations. With a renewal of tenderness, however, they returned to her room on leaving the dining parlor and sat with her till summoned to coffee. She was still very poorly, and Elizabeth would not quit her at all till late in the evening when she had become pretty seen her sleep. And when it seemed to her rather right than pleasant that she should go downstairs herself. On entering the drawing room, she found the whole party at little, and was immediately invited to join them. But suspecting them to be playing high, she declined it. And making her sister the excuse, said she would use her sock for the short time she could stay below with a book. Mr. Hurst looked at her with astonishment. Do you prefer reading to Congress? Said he? That is rather singular. Miss Eliza Behmann said Miss Bingley, despises cars. She is a great reader, and has no pleasure in anything else. I deserve neither such crazy, more such censure, cry to Elizabeth. I am not a great reader, and I have pleasure in many things. In nursing your sister, I'm sure you have pleasure, said Bingley, and I hope it will be soon be increased by seeing her quite well. Elizabeth thanked him from her heart, and then walked toward the table where a few books were lying. He immediately offered to fetch her others. All that his library afforded. And I wish my collection were larger for your benefit, and my own friends, that I am an idol fellow, and though I have not known her, I have more than I ever looked into. Elizabeth assured him that she could see herself perfectly with those in the room. I am astonished, said Miss Bingley, but my father should have left so small a collection of books. What a delightful library you have at Pemberley, Mr. Darcy. It ought to be good, and you're blind. It has been the work of many generations. And then you have added so much to it yourself. You are always buying books. I cannot comprehend the neglect of a family library in such days as these. neglect. I am sure you neglect nothing that can add to the beauties of that noble place. Charles, when you build your house, I wish it may be half as delightful as Pemberley. I wish it may. But I would really advise you to make your purchase in that neighborhood, and take Pemberley for a kind of model. There is not a finer county in England than Darbyshire, with all my heart. I would buy Pemberley yourself. It's just a piece of stuff. I'm always talking of possibilities, Charles. Upon my word, Carolyn, I should think it more possible to get Pemberley by purchase than by imitation. Elizabeth was so much caught with what passed, as to leave her very little attention for her book, and soon laying at Holy Siren. Tell the sister, who deserve the game. This is the star soon, much grown since the spring, said Miss Bingly. Will she be as tall as I am? I think she will. She is now about Miss Elizabeth Bennett's life. Rather taller. How long do you see her again? I never met with anybody who delighted me so much. Such a countenance, such manners. And so extremely accomplished for her age. Performance on the piano force is exquisite. It is amazing to me, said Bingly, how young ladies can have the patience to be so very accomplished as they are. All young ladies are accomplished. I fear Charles, what do you mean? Yes, all of them I think. They all paint tables, cover screens, and net purses. I scarcely know anyone who cannot do all this, and I'm sure I never heard a young lady spoken up for the first time, without being informed that she was very accomplished. Your list of the common extent of accomplishments, said Darcy, as too much truth. The word is applied to many a woman who deserves it no other woman. And by many, she will come from the tree. But I am very far from agreeing with you and your estimation of ladies in general. I cannot boast of knowing more than half a dozen in the whole range of my acquaintance that are really accomplished. No, I am sure she is missing me. Then, observe the Elizabeth, you must comprehend a great deal and your idea of a accomplished woman. Yes, I do comprehend a great deal in it. Oh, certainly, cried his faithful assistant. No one can be really esteemed to God, but is not a great piece of past, what is usually met with? A woman must have a thorough knowledge of music, singing, drawing, dancing, and modern languages to deserve the word. In the side of her, she must possess the certain suffering in her air and manner of walking. The tone of her voice, her address and expressions, all of the word for people has to deserve. All this, she must possess. And to others, she must get out of something more substantial. In the improvement of her mind, by extensive reading. I know how to surprise that you are knowing only six accomplished women. I rather wonder now what you are knowing any. Are you so sincere upon your own sex as the death of possibility of all this? I never saw such a woman. I never saw such capacity and taste and application and elegance as you described, united. Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley both cried out against the injustice of her and cried doubt, and were both protesting that they knew many women who answered this description, when Mr. Hurst called them to order, with bitter complaints of their inattention to what was going forward. As all conversations were by add and end, Elizabeth soon afterwards left the room. Or Elizabeth Bennett said Miss Bingley when the door was closed on her, is one of those young ladies who seek to recommend themselves to the other sex by undervaluing their own. And with many men, I dare say, it succeeds, but in my opinion, it is a poultry device, a very mean art. Undoubtedly, replied Darcy, to whom this remark was deeply addressed, there is a meanness in all the arts, which ladies sometimes come to send to employ for captivation. Whatever bears affinity to cunning is despicable. Miss Bingley was not so entirely satisfied with this reply as she continued the subject. Elizabeth joined them again, only to say that her sister was worse, and that she could not leave her. Bingley urged Mr. Jones being sent for immediately, while his sister convinced that no country advice could be of any privilege, recommended in the expressed account for her in the list of men in the position. This she was not here up, but she was not so unwilling to comply with their brothers as proposal. And it was settled that Mr. Jones should be sent for early morning. If Miss Benet were not decided, we'd better. Bingley was quite uncomfortable. His sisters declared that they were Miss Benet. They saw a star that she can tell that she might be that doctor's office. While he could not even know about her belief to his feelings, then by giving his housekeeper a collection, that every attention might be paid to the sixth lady and her sister. And of chapter 8. Recorded by Morino Brian, Kettering O'Hile, November 14, 2005. This is a little much before you. All of the little things are in the color of domain. For more information or to volunteer, visit libervox.org. Recording by Morino Brian, Merri Electrics.Blogsbot.com. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen, Chapter 9. Elizabeth passed the chief of the night in her sister's room. And in the morning, had the pleasure of being able to send a tolerable instrument to the chamber to the very early visit and is to be able to buy an old book. And sometimes, you heard from the few arrogant lady who laid one in the sky. And started the film. She requested to have a note to her own book, desiring her mother to visit Jane and form her own judgment of her situation. The note was immediately dispatched, and its contents as quickly complied with. Mrs. Benet accompanied by her two youngest girls, reached Netherfield soon after the family breakfast. But she kept Jane and many people in danger. This is better when the very miserable. But seeing satisfied on seeing her that her illness was not alarming, she had no wish of her recovering immediately. As her restoration to health would probably be more likely to be more likely to be. She would not listen therefore to her daughter's proposal to come out of the restaurant. She would be a prophet to her. To rise about the same time, think it at all advisable. After sitting a little while with Jane, on Miss Bingley's appearance and invitation, the mother and three daughters all attended her into the breakfast horror. Bingering met them in post that Mrs. Benet had not found Miss Benet worse than she expected. Indeed, I have sir was her answer. She is a great deal to ill to be moved. Mr. Jones says we must not think of moving her. We must pass a little longer on your kindness. The moved, cried Bingley. It must not be thought of. My sister, I am sure, will not hear of her removal. She made a pen to call it madden. So at Miss Bingley, it is called to the room. Then at this minute, we'll receive every possible attention while she remains with us. Mrs. Benet was profused in her acknowledgements. I am sure she is. It was the first such girl friends I did not know. Where she is very ill in deed and suffers a vast deal, though with the greatest case. Always the way with her. The sweetest temper I have ever met with. I often tell my other girls they are nothing to her. You know that sweet room here, Mr. Bingley, and a charming prospect over the gravel walk. I do not know a place in the country that is equal to never feel. You will not think of quitting it in a hurry, I hope, though you have but a short lease. Whatever I do is down in a hurry, replied he. And therefore, if I should resolve to quit, never feel, I should probably ask him five minutes. That present, however, I consider myself as quite fixed to you. That is exactly what I should have said to you. Do you think you can do it? Right, he, turning toward her. Oh yes, I understand you perfectly. I wish I might take this for a compliment, but to be so easily seen through, I am afraid is pitiful. That is, as it happens. It does not follow that a deep intricate character is more or less estimable than such a one as yours. Lizzy, cried her mother. Remember where you are and do not run on in the wild manner that you are suffering to do with her. I don't know the fact that you are. The only immediately that you were a study or a character, it must be an amusing study. Yes, look, it's a character, it's a very interesting character. They have at least that advantage. The country said Darcy, can in general supply that a piece of the set of studies. And you can't believe this is a very, very fine. And you can do it in a fight. People themselves alter so much that there is something new to be observed in them forever. Yes, indeed, cried Mrs Bennett, offended by his manner of mentioning a country neighborhood. I assure you there is quite as much of that going on in the country as in town. For a moment, turn silently away. Mrs Bennett, who fancy she had gained a complete victory over him, continued her triumph. I cannot see that London has any great advantage over the country, for my part. Except the shops and public places. The country is a vast deal pleasant. I must be in a country here at the end of the country. I never wish to leave it. And when I am in town, it is pretty much the same. They have each third advantages, and I can be equally happy in either. Ah, that is because you have a right disposition. The that gentleman, the working at Darcy, seemed to think the career was nothing at all. And he and my mother, who are mistaken, said Elizabeth, blessing for her mother. You quite missed up Mr Darcy. He only meant that there was not such a variety of people to be met with in the country as in the town, which you must acknowledge to be true. Certainly, my dear, nobody said there were. That as to not meeting with many people in this neighborhood, I believe there are a few neighborhoods, more than I can. Or in 20 families. Nothing but concern for Elizabeth could enable them way to keep his countenance. His sister was less delicate and directed her eyes toward Mr Darcy with a very expressive smile. Elizabeth, for the sake of saying something that might turn her mother's thoughts. Now ask her to say what Elizabeth and my mother said are coming away. Yes, she called yesterday with her father. What an agreeable man. Is it a man of passion? So gentle and easy. He had always something to say to everybody. That is my idea of the grief. And those persons who fancy themselves very important and never open their mouths quite mistake the matter. Did Charlotte die with you? No, she would go home. I fancy she was wanted about the mince pies. For my part, Mr. Bingley, I always keep so much thinking to their own mother. My daughters have brought them down. The deputy is to judge for themselves and the locuses are very good sort of girls. It is a pity they are not in some. Not that I think Charlotte's so very plain, but men she is our particular friend. She seems a very pleasant young woman. Oh dear, yes, but you must own she is very plain. Lady Lucas herself is our own son and me and John's mother. I do not like to boast of my own child, but to be sure our Jane, one does not often see anybody better looking. It is what everybody says. I do not trust my own partiality. When she was only 15, there was a man at my brother's garden. Brother, gardeners and animals, so much in love with her. But my sister and law was sure he would make her an off-screen. I do not know if she knows. Perhaps he thought it too young. However, he wrote some verses on her and very pretty they were. And so ended his affection. Settle is a bit impatiently. There has been many a one, I fancy, overcom in the same way. I wonder who first discovered the efficacy of poetry, and driving way low. Why have been used to consider poetry as the food of love? Settarcy? The fine, stout, healthy love, it may. Everything, nerd. It might be like thin sort of information. I am convinced that one wood son is started entirely away. Darcy only saw it. In the general pause which ensued made Elizabeth tremble, less term other should be exposing herself again. She long to speak, but could think of nothing to say. And after a short silence, Mrs. Bennett began repeating her thanks to Mr. Pinkley for his kindness to Jane. And the poetry to present him also a good. Mr. Pinkley will all praise the Lord. And she performed her part indeed without much graciousness, but Mrs. Bennett was satisfied and soon afterwards ordered her care. Upon this evening, the youngest of her daughters put her son for her. The youngest of her daughters put her son for her. The two girls who can move from each other, hearing the whole visit. And the result of it was that the youngest of the tax Mr. Pinkley with having friends is first coming to the country to give a fall in the country. The whole is a stout, well grown girl 15, with a fine complexion. And look at an early age. She had high animal spirits and a sort of natural self-consequence, which the attention of the officers to whom her uncle's good dinners and her own easy manners recommended her. Had increased into assurance. She was very equal therefore to address Mr. Pinkley on the subject of the fall. And abruptly reminded him of his promise, adding that it would be the most shameful thing in the world if he did not keep it. His name was said in the tax was delightful to their mother's ear. I am perfectly ready. I assure you to keep my engagement. And when your sister is recovered, you shall, if you please, name the very day of the fall. But you would not wish to be dancing when she is ill. Lydia declared herself satisfied. Oh yes, it would be much better to wait till Jane was well, and by that time most likely kept in the heart or without merit in again. And when you have given your ball, she added, I shall insist on there to be more awesome. I shall tell her more forst to it will be quite a shame if he does not. Mrs. Bennett and her daughters then departed, and Elizabeth returned instantly to Jane, leaving her own and her relations behavior to the remarks of the two ladies and Mr. Darcy. The latter of whom, however, could not be prevailed on to join in their centre of her. In spite of all Miss Vingley's witnesses on, fine eyes. End of chapter nine. Recorded in date no higher by Marino Bryan, December 30, 2005. This is a Librevox recording. All Librevox recordings are in the public domain. For more information on how to volunteer, please visit www.libervox.com. That's Bill Ivy, R-I-B-O-X dot O-R-G. This reading by Gordon Ketsman, my Jane Austin, chapter 10. The day passed much as the day before had done. Mrs. Hearst and Miss Vingley had spent some hours of the morning with the invalid, who continued, though slowly, to men. In the evening Elizabeth joined their party in the drawing room. The Lutebel, however, did not appear. Mr. Darcy was writing, and Miss Vingley stood here, as much of the office of his letter and repeatedly calling off his attention by messages to his sister. Mr. Hearst and Miss Vingley were out to pay attention. And Mrs. Hearst was observing their game. Elizabeth took up some needlework, and was sufficiently used in attending the past between verse and his companion. The perpetual commendations of the lady, either on his hand writing or on the evenness of his lines or on the length of his letter, with the perfect unconcern with which her praises were received, formed a curious dialogue, and was exactly in union with her opinion of each. How delighted Miss Darcy will be to receive such a letter. He made no answer. You write uncomantly fast. You are mistaken. I write rather slowly. How many letters you must have occasion to write at the course of a year that is missed too? How old is I should think them? It is fortunate then that they fall to my lot instead of yours. Pray tell your sister that I long to see her. I have already told her so much that I'm here. I am afraid you do not like your pen. Let me mend it for you. I mend pens remarkably well. Thank you. But I always mend my own. Sign up. Tell your sister. I am delighted to hear of her improvement on the heart. And very, very, very, very, very, very important in the actions of her. You do for the little design for a table. I think it infinitely superior to Miss Grant Lays. Will you give me leave to defer your raptures till I write again? At present, I have not room to do them justice. Your in January, but do you always write such charming long letters to her Mr. Darcy? They are generally long. Whether I will watch harming, I love me. I am very, very, very, very important in the words of my right of all that I read. I cannot write. That will not do for a compliment to Darcy Caroline. Because he does not write the means. He studies too much for words of force and the voice of her. My style of writing is very different from yours. Oh, cried Miss Bingley. Charles writes in the most careless way imaginable. He leaves out half his words and blots the rest. My ideas flow so rapidly that I have not time to express them. By which means my letter is sometimes conveying no ideas at all to my correspondents. Your human is a deepest victim. Must decide to prove. Nothing is more deceitful to death. Than the parents of your middle. He's often on a carelessness. And in sometimes an indirect post. And which do you two call my little recent piece of mottestine? The indirect post. Are you a really proud of your defects in writing? Because you consider them as proceeding from rapidity of thought and carelessness of execution, which, if not estimable, you think it makes quite interesting. The power of doing anything with quickness is always prized much by the possessor, and without any attention to the imperfection of the performance. When you talk, this is minute of this morning. The diff you ever resolved upon quitting another field. You should be gone in five minutes. You meant it to be a sort of pen and gyric of compliment yourself. And yet what is there is a very portable minute. Precipitants, which must leave very necessary business undone, and can be of no real advantage to yourself or anyone else. Nay, cried, bingley. This is too much to remember at night all the foolish things were said in the morning. And yet upon my honor, I believe what I said of myself to be true, and I believe it at this moment. At least therefore I did not assume the character of needless precipitants. My dear, say, But I am by no means convinced that you would be gone with such a celebrity. What does that mean? The chance is not being made of mine. And you've had to be with your brother. So, I think that's what I'm saying. We'll be doing it. You would probably not go. And at another word, might stay a month. You have only approved by this, cried Elizabeth. That Mr. Bingley did not do this, but it's just an answer to the situation. He said, He said, He said, He said, I am extremely gratified, I'm so sorry. But I am afraid that you are giving it a turn, which that gentleman did by no means intend. For he would certainly think better of me if under such a circumstance, I were to give a flat denial and write off as fast as I could. Wood Mr. Darcy then consider the rationales of your original intentions as a tone for by your obstinancy in adhering to it. Upon my word, I cannot exactly explain the matter, Darcy must speak for himself. You expect me to account for opinions which you choose to call mine, but which I have never acknowledged. Allowing the case, however, to stand according to your representation, you must remember Ms. Bennett, that the friend who is supposed to desire his return to the house and the delay of his plan has merely desired it, asked it without offering one argument in favor of its propriety. To yield readily easily to the persuasion of the friend who is no merit with you. To yield without conviction is no compliment to the understanding of either. You appear to me, Mr. Darcy, to allow nothing for the influence of friendship and affection. A regard for the request or would often make one readily yield to a request, without waiting for arguments to reason one into it. I am not particularly speaking of such a case as you have supposed about Mr. Bingley. We may as well wait, perhaps, to the circumstance occurs before we discuss the discretion of his behavior thereupon. But in general, an ordinary case is between friend and friend, where one of them is desired by the other to change a resolution of no very great point. I think you'll, that person, for complying with the desire, without waiting to be argued into it. Will it not be advisable before we proceed on this subject, to arrange with rather more precision the degree of importance, which is to opportunity this request, as well as the degree of interest in subsistence. But all means, right, Bingley. Let us hear all the particulars of any pair of height and size, for that will have more weight in the argument, Ms. Bennett, then you may be aware of. I assure you that if Darcy or not such a great tall fellow in the person's myself, I should not pay him half so much difference. I declare, I do not know a more awful object than Darcy on particular occasions, and in particular places, as his own house, especially, and of a Sunday evening, when he has nothing to do. Mr. Darcy smiled, but Elizabeth thought she could perceive that he was rather offended, and therefore checked her laugh. Ms. Bennett, in the deep detail of her seat, in an ex postulation with her brother for talking to such a little sense. I see your design, Bingley, set his friend. You dislike an argument and want to silence this. Perhaps I do. Arguments are too much like disputes. If you in this Bennett will defer your war's deli-mount of the room, I shall be very thankful, and then you may say, whatever you like. If you like, please like, share, and subscribe. Mr. Darcy, I want you to have a better question. Mr. Darcy, to have a nice and detailed answer. When that business was over, he applied to Ms. Bingley and Elizabeth. For me, they please have some nice answers. Ms. Bingley, we have the son of a lot. She's a lot of property to the piano forte. And, after a polite request that Elizabeth would lead the way, which the other is politely and more earnestly negative, she sees it herself. Mrs. Hurst sang with her sister, and while they were missing, she turned over some music books that lay on the instrument. How, frequently, Mr. Darcy's eyes were fixed on her. She hardly knew how to suppose that she could be an object of admiration to so great men. And yet that he should look at her because he disliked her, was still more strange. She could only imagine, however, at last, that she drew his notice because there was something wrong and reprehensible, according to his ideas of right, than in any other person present. The supposition did not pain her. She liked him too little to care for his approvation. After playing some Italian songs, Ms. Bingley varied the charm by a lively scotch here. And soon afterwards, Mr. Darcy, Dr. Nier Elizabeth said to her, to not feel a great inclination to spend it, to see such an opportunity of dancing a real. She smiled. He repeated the question with some surprise at her silence. Oh, she said, I heard you before, but I could not immediately determine what to say and reply. You wanted me, I know, to say yes, that you might have the pleasure of despising my taste. But I always delight in overthrowing those kind of schemes, and cheating a person of their premeditated intent. I have to be a better person than you, than you, to dance a real, at all, and now despise me if you dare. Indeed, I do not dare. Elizabeth, having rather expected to a front him, was amazed at his gallantry, but there was a mixture of sweetness and archnous in her manner, which made it difficult for her to a front anybody. And Darcy had never been so bewitched by any woman as he was by her. He really believed that we're not for the inferiority of her connections. He should be ashamed of this. Mr. Nier Elizabeth, saw four suspected enough to be jealous, and her great anxiety for the recovery of her and her friend Jane, received some assistance from her desire of getting rid of Elizabeth. She often tried to provoke Darcy into disliking her ghost, by talking up the air supposed to be a witch. I think it's in such an alliance. I hope she said, as they were walking together in the shrubbery the next day, you will give your mother-in-law a few weeks. When they seem to disappear, it's a place in this world. And if you can come visit, do sure the younger girls of running after officers, and if I may mention so delicate a subject, in Devere to check that little something bordering on conceit and impertinence, which your lady possesses. Have you anything else to propose for my domestic felicity? Oh yes! Do let the portraits of your uncle and aunt Phillips be placed in the gallery at Pemberley, but the next to your great uncle, the judge. They are in the same profession you know only in different lines. As for your Elizabeth's picture, you must not have it taken for what painter could do justice to those beautiful eyes. It would not be easy indeed to catch their expression, but their colour and shape, your eyelashes, so remarkable. At that moment, they were in that corner of the walk by Mrs. Hurst and Elizabeth herself. I did not know that you intended to walk, said Miss Bingley, and some confusion less they had been overheard. You used us a bomb and a bleed ill, answered Mrs. Hurst, running away without telling us that you were coming out. Then taking the disengaged arm of Mr. Darcy, she left Elizabeth to walk by herself. The path just admitted three. Mr. Darcy felt their roots in the beginning of the same. This walking among white and strong party, in the middle of the avenue. But Elizabeth, who had not the least inclination to remain with them, laughingly answered, no no, stay where you are, you are charmingly bruised. The picture asks would be spoiled by admitting a fourth. Goodbye. She then ran gale off rejoicing as she rambled about, in the hope of being at home again in the day or two. Jane was already so much recovered as to intend leaving her room for a couple of hours at evening. And of chapter 10. This is a Librevox recording. All Librevox recordings are in the public domain. For more information on how to volunteer, please visit www.libervox.org. That's librivivox.org. This reading by Gordon Kinsey. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 10. The day passed much as the day before had done. Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley had spent some hours of the morning with the invalid, who continued, though slowly, to mend. And in the evening Elizabeth joined their party in the drawing room. The lootable, however, did not appear. Mr. Darcy was writing, and Miss Bingley seated near him, was watching the progress of his letter and repeatedly calling off his attention by messages to his sister. Mr. Hurst and Mr. Bingley were at Peket. And Mrs. Hurst was observing their game. Elizabeth took up some needlework, and was sufficiently amused in attending to what passed between Darcy and his companion. The perpetual commendations of the lady, either on his hand writing or on the evenness of his lines or on the length of his letter, with the perfect unconcern with which her praises were received, formed a curious dialogue, and was exactly in union with her opinion of each. How delighted Miss Darcy will be to receive such a letter. Lady Bait. I can't believe that. You are mistaken. I write rather slowly. How many letters you must have occasion to write in the course of a year that is business too? How bold is such a victim? It is fortunate then that they fall to my lot instead of yours. Pray tell your sister that I long to see her. I have already told her so once my own desire. I am afraid you do not like your pen. Let me mend it for you. I mend pens remarkably well. Thank you. You can try it to write so even. He was silent. Tell your sister I am delighted to hear of her improvement on the harp. And pray let her know that I am quite in raptures with her beautiful little design for a table. And then the infinite place of purier to me. You give me leave to defer raptures to our right again. At present I have not needed to give them justice. Though it is of no consequence I shall see her in January. But do you always write such charming long letters to her Mr. Darcy? They are generally long, but whether always charming it is not for me to determine. It is a rule with me that a person who can write a long letter with ease cannot write ill. That will not do for a compliment to Darcy Caroline. Cry to her brother. Because he does not write with ease he studies too much for words of force syllables. Do not you Darcy. My style of writing is very different from yours. Oh, cried Miss Pinkley. Charles writes in the most careless way imagine he leaves out half his words and glots the rest. My ideas flow so rapidly that I have not time to express them by which. Your humility Mr. Bingley said Elizabeth must disarm, reproved. Nothing is more deceitful, said Darcy. Then the appearance of humility it is often only carelessness of opinion in sometimes an indirect boast. And which do you to call my little recent piece of modesty? The indirect boast, or you are really proud of your defects in writing. Because you consider them as proceeding from remedy of thought and carelessness of execution which if not estimable. You think at least highly interesting. The power of doing anything with quickness is always prized much by the pleasure. And often without any attention to the imperfection of the performance. When you told Mrs. Bennett this morning, that if you ever resolved upon quitting another field, you should be gone in five minutes. You meant it to be a sort of panagiric of compliment to yourself. And yet what is there is a very lotable in a precipitence which must leave very necessary business undone and can be of no real advantage to yourself or at all. And you are at the edge to yourself or anyone else. Nay, prizedly, this is too much to remember at night all the foolish things were said in the morning. And yet upon my honor, I believe what I said of myself to be true, and I believe it at this moment. At least therefore I did not assume the character of meatless precipitence, merely to show off before the ladies. But I am by no means convinced that you would be gone with such a celebrity. You'll conduct what you'd be quite as dependent on chance as any man I know. And if as for I would force a friend who say, Bigly, with the rest of the next week, you would probably do it. You would probably not go. And at another word might stay a month. You have only proved by this, right Elizabeth. That Mr. Bingley did not do justice to his own disposition. You have shown him off now much more than he did himself. I am extremely gratified, said Bingley, by your convertors. Help me, help me, help me, help me. But I'm afraid you are giving it a stir, which you have to. For he would certainly think that meat if under such a circumstance, I would give a flat denial. And hide off as fast as I could. Wood Mr. Darcy then consider the rational, severe, conventional intentions as a tone for by your obstinance. On my word, I cannot exactly explain that or rather, don't understand self. You expect me to account for opinions which you choose to call mine, but which I have never acknowledged. Allowing the case, however, to stand according to your representation. You must remember Ms. Benley, that the friend who is supposed to desire his return to the house and the delay of his plan has merely desired it, asked it without offering one argument in favor of its propriety. To yield readily, easily, to the persuasion of a friend is no merit with you. To yield without conviction is no compliment to the understanding of either. You appear to me, Mr. Darcy, to allow me to think that the influence of friendship and affection. A regard for the request or would often make one readily yield to a request, without waiting for arguments to reason one into it. I am not particularly as big as such a case as you are supposed to by Mr. Benley. We may as well wait, perhaps, till the circumstance occurs before we discuss the discretion of his behavior, for a pawn. But in general, the request is between friends and friends. We are one of the most desire by the other to change a resolution of no very great moment. Should you think ill of that person for complying with the desire, without waiting to be… Will it not be advisable before we proceed on this subject, to arrange with rather more precision the degree of importance, which is to entertain his request as well as the degree of emphasis and system to entertain the parties. But all means… Right, Bingley. Let us hear all the particulars, not forgetting their comparative height and size, for that will have a more weight in the argument as a minute than you may be aware of. I assure you that if Darcy were not such a great, tall fellow in comparison with myself, I should not pay him half so much difference. I declare, I do not know a more awful object than Darcy on particular occasions, and in particular places, at his own house especially, and opposite to him, when he has nothing to do. Mr. Darcy smiled. But Elizabeth thought she could perceive that he was rather offended, and therefore checked her laugh. Miss Bingley warmly resented the indignity he had received in an ex-possulation with her brother for talking such nonsense. I see your design, Bingley. Set his friend. You dislike an argument and want to silence this. Perhaps I do. Arguments are too much like disputes. If you and Miss Bennett will defer yours till I am out of the room, I shall be very thankful. And then you may say whatever you like of me. What you ask, sit a little bit, is no sacrifice on my side, and Mr. Darcy had much better finishes letter. Mr. Darcy took her advice and did finish his letter. When that business was over, he applied to Miss Bingley and Elizabeth, for an indulgence of some music. Miss Bingley moved with some alakrity to the piano forte, and after a polite request that Elizabeth would lead the way, which the other is politely and more earnestly negative, she seated herself. Mrs. Hurst sang with her sister, and while they were thus employed, Elizabeth could not help observing. As she turned over some music books that lay on the instrument, how frequently Mr. Darcy's eyes were fixed on her. She hardly knew how to suppose that she could be an object of admiration to so great a man, and yet that he should look at her, because he disliked her, was still more strange. She could only imagine, however, at last, that she drew his notice because there was something wrong and regretful. According to his name, right, and in the other person's present, the supposition did not paint. She liked him too little to care for his approbation. After playing some Italian songs, Miss Bingley varied the charm by a lively scotch heir, and soon afterwards, Mr. Darcy, drawing near Elizabeth said to her, to not to feel a great inclination, Miss Bingley, to seize such an opportunity of dancing a reel. She smiled, but made no answer. He repeated the question with some surprise at her silence. Oh, she said, I heard you before, but I could not immediately turn myself in. I wanted me, I know, to say yes. That you might have the pleasure of despising my taste, but I always delight in overthrowing those kind of schemes, and cheating a person of their premeditated contempt. I have, therefore, made up my mind to tell you that I do not want to dance a reel at all, and now despise me if you dare. Indeed, I do not dare. Elizabeth, having rather expected to a front him, was amazed at his gallantry, but there was a mixture of sweetness and archnous in her manner, which made it difficult for her to a front anybody. And Darcy had never been so bewitched by any woman as he was by her. He really believed that we're not such a fool. The next one is, he should be in some danger. Miss Bingley saw, or suspected enough to be jealous, and her great anxiety for the recovery of her dear friend Jane, received some assistance from her desire to get rid of Elizabeth. She often tried to provoke Darcy into disliking her guest, by talking of their supposed marriage, and planning his happiness in such an alliance. I hope she said, as they were walking together in the shrubbery the next day, you will give your mother-in-law a few hints, when this desirable event takes place as to the advantage of holding her tongue. Do you? Will you run after officers? And if I may mention so delicate a subject, in Defer to check that little something bordering on conceit and imperponents, which you are late in possesses, have you anything else to propose for my victim? Oh yes, do let the portraits of your uncle and and Phillips be placed in the gap. And apparently, put them next to your hand on the church. They are in the same profession you know only in different laws. As for your Elizabeth's picture, you must not have it taken. For what painter could do justice to those beautiful eyes? It would not be easy to catch their specials, but their color and shape and the eyelashes, so remarkably fine might be copied. At that moment they were met from another walk by Mrs. Hurst and Elizabeth herself. I did not know that you intended to walk, said Miss Bingley in some confusion less they had been overheard. You used us a bomb in a blue earl, and said Mrs. Hurst, run away without telling us that you were found. Then taking the disengaged arm of Mr. Darcy, she left Elizabeth to walk by herself. The path just admitted three. Mr. Darcy felt their rudeness and immediately said, This walk is not wide enough for our party. We had better go into the armband. But Elizabeth, who had not the least inclination to remain with them, laughingly answered, No, no, stay where you are. You are charmingly grouped and appear to uncommon advantage. The picture-esque would be spoiled by admitting a fourth. Goodbye. She then ran gale off rejoicing as she rambled about, in the hope of being at home again in the day or two. Jane was already so much recovered as to intend leaving her room for a couple of hours that evening. End of chapter 10. Chapter 11. When the ladies removed after dinner, Elizabeth ran up to her sister and seeing her well-gowned attendant her into the drawing room, where she was welcomed by her two friends with many professions of pleasure, and Elizabeth had never seen them so agreeable as they were during the hour which passed before the gentleman appeared. There are powers of conversation were considerable. They could describe an entertainment with accuracy, relate an anecdote with humor, and laugh at their acquaintance with spirit. But when the gentleman entered, Jane was no longer the first object. Miss Bingley's eyes were instantly turned toward Darcy, and she had something to say to him before he had advanced many steps. He addressed himself to Miss Bennett, with a polite congratulation. Mr. Hurst also liked her. And said he was very glad. But diffuses in war. He was full of joy and attention. The first half hour was spent in piling up the fire, less she should suffer from the change of room, and she removed at his desire to the other side of the fireplace that she might be further from the door. He then sat down by her and talked scarcely to anyone else. Elizabeth had worked in the opposite corner, saw it all with great delight. When the tea was over, Mr. Hurst reminded his sister a law of the car table, but in vain she had a private intelligence that Mr. Darcy had taken on wish for the cards, and Mr. Hurst soon found even his open petition rejected. She assured him that no one intended to play, and the silence of the whole party on the subject seemed too justified. Mr. Hurst had therefore nothing to do, but distret himself on one of the sofas and go to sleep. Darcy took up a book, Miss Bingley did the same, and Mrs. Hurst picked him up and applied and planned with her wish to attend this joint now and then in her brother's conversation with Miss Bennett. Miss Bingley's attention was quite as much engaged in watching Mr. Darcy's progress as his book, as in reading her own. And she was perpetually either making some inquiry or looking at his page. She could not in the appellator to any conversation. He merely answered her question and read on. At length, quite exhausted by the attempt to be amused with her own book, which she had only chosen because it was the second volume of his. She gave a great yon and said, how pleasant it is to spend an evening in this way. I declare, after all, there is no enjoyment like reading. How much sooner one tires the police have to never put. And I have a house in my own. I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library. No one made any reply. She then yoned again through a side her book and cast her eyes round the room in quest for some amusement. The hearing of other mentionedly called calls to his men. She turned suddenly towards him and said, by the by Charles are you really serious in meditating a dance at another field? I would advise you before you determine only. To get some permission from the present party. I am much more staking if there are not some among us. We will all be rather a punishment than a pleasure. If you mean Darcy, writer brother, he may go to bed if he chooses before he begins. But as for the ball, it is quite a settled thing. And as soon as Nichols has made white soup enough, I shall send round my cards. I should like balls infinitely better, sheer plot. If they were carried on in a different manner, but there is something insufferable of tedious in the usual process of such a meeting. It would surely be much more rational if conversation instead of dancing we made the order of the day. Much more rational my dear Caroline I dare say, but it would not be near so much like a ball. It misbeculably made no answer, and soon afterwards she got up and walked about to her. Her figure was elegant, and she walked well. But Darcy at whom it was all aimed was still inflexibly studious. In the desperation of her feelings, she was all done one-naffered more, and turning to Elizabeth said, "'Mr. Lysubinit, let me persuade you to follow my example and take a turn about the room. I assure you it is very refreshing after sitting so long in one attitude. Elizabeth was surprised, but agreed to it immediately. Miss Bingley succeeded no less in the real object of her civility. Mr. Darcy looked up. He was as much awake to the novelty of attention and her character as Elizabeth herself could be, and unconsciously closed his book. He was directly invited to join their party, but he declined it, observing that he could imagine but two motives for their choosing to walk up and down together. With either of which motives he's joining them, it would interfere. What could he mean? She was joining them, but could he be his meaning? And asked Elizabeth whether she could, at all, understand? Not at all. It was her answer, but depend upon it, he means to be severe on us, and our surest way of disappointing him, to ask if they could marry her. Miss Bingley, however, was being capable of disengointed Mr. Darcy in anything. And persevered therefore in requiring an explanation of his two motives. I have not the smallest objection to explaining them. Said he, as soon as she allowed him to speak. You either chose this method of passing the evening because you are in the peak of its confidence and have secret affairs to discuss, or because you are conscious that your figures appear to the greatest advantage in walking. If the first, I would be completely in your way. And if the second, I can admire you much better as I say by the fire. Oh, shocking, right Miss Bingley. I never heard anything so abominable. I know you have such a speech. Nothing so easy if you have but the inclination. Sittalism. We can all play and punish one another. Tease him. Laugh at him. Interveness worry must know how it is to be done. But upon my honor I do not. I do assure you that my intimacy has not yet taught that. Tease calmness of manner and presence of mind. No, no. Feel he may defy us there. He tends to laugh with a dare. Mr. Darcy may hunt himself. Mr. Darcy is not to be laughed at. That is an uncommon advantage. An uncommon I hope it will continue for. It would be a great loss to me to have many such acquaintances. I dearly love a laugh. Miss Bingley said he has given me more credit than can be. The wisest and the best of men. Nay, the wisest and best of their actions. Maybe rendered ridiculous by a person whose first object in life is a joke. Certainly, the flight is here. There are arms. But I hope. I hope I never reach a point of thought. But. Fallies and nonsense. Wims and inconsistencies. Do divert me, I own. And I laugh at them whenever I can. But these I suppose are. A sightseeing. You are with that. Perhaps that is not possible for anyone. Because in the study of my life to avoid those weaknesses which often expose a strong understanding to ridicule. Such as vanity and pride. Yes. Vanity is a weakness indeed. But pride. Where there is a real superiority of mind. Pride will be always under good regulation. Elizabeth turned away to hide a smile. Your examination of Mr. Darcy is over, I presume. Said Miss Bingley. I'm afraid that it was this. What? It was this. I'm afraid that it was this. He owns it himself for their disguise. No. Said Darcy. I have made no such pretentious. I have faults enough. But they are not, I hope, of understanding. I temper. I dare not vote for. It is. I believe. Too little yielding. Certainly too little, they convenience of the world. I cannot forget the following some faces of others so soon as I am. No, there are fences against myself. My feelings are not. I've devout with every attempt to move them. My temper would perhaps be called. It is awful. My good opinion once lost is lost forever. He is a failing indeed. Cridalism is a shame. I am a terrible resentment. It is a shame. I am a terrible resentment. I cannot laugh at it. I am a cruel man. There is, I believe, in every disposition, a tendency to some particular evil. A natural defect, which not even the best education can overcome. And your defect is too hate everybody. And yours, he replied with a smile. Is willfully to misunderstand them. Do let us have a little music. Cridmiss being retired of a conversation in which she had no share. Louisa, you will not mind my waking Mr. Hurst. Her sister had not the smoke. Her sister had not the smoke. After a few moments recollection, was not sorry for it. You began to feel the danger of the evil as it has to be too much attention. End of chapter 11. This is a LibriVox recording. All LibriVox recordings are in the problem of demand. For more information, please visit LibriVox.org. Today's reading is Pride and Prejudice by Jane Huston. The chapters 12 and 13. Chapter 12. In quotes, we've been with between the sisters. Elizabeth wrote the next morning to her mother. To beg that the carriage might be sent for them in the course of the day. But Mrs. Spenett, who had calculated on her daughter's remaining at never due to the following Tuesday, which would exactly finish Jane's week, could not bring herself to receive them with pleasure before. Her answer, therefore, was not a propitious, at least not to Elizabeth's wishes. For she was impatient to get home. Mrs. Spenett sent them word that they could not possibly have the carriage before Tuesday. And in her post-cript, it was added that a Mr. Bingley and a sister press them to stay longer. She could spare them for a while. Against staying longer, however, Elizabeth was positively resolved. All she was expected would be asked. And fearful, on the contrary, has been considered as intruding themselves needlessly long. She urged Jane to borrow Mr. Bingley's carriage immediately. And at length it was settled that their original design of leaving never filled that morning, should be mentioned. The creation was slightly different. Any professions have concerned. And enough was said of wishing them to stay, at least till the following day, to work in Jane. Until the morrow their going was deferred. Ms. Bingley was then sorry that she had proposed the delay for her jealousy and dislike of one sister, might exceed it her affection for the other. The master of the house heard with real sorrow that they would have owed so soon. And repeatedly tried to persuade Ms. Bennett that it would not be safe for her. That she was not enough recovered. The Jane was firm where she felt herself to be right. To Mr. Darcy, it was welcome intelligence. Elizabeth had been at another field long enough. She attracted him more than he liked. And Ms. Bingley was uncivil to her, and bought teasing the usual to himself. He wisely resolved to be particularly careful that no sign of admiration should now escape him. Nothing that could elevate her with the hope of influencing his felicity. Since the fact that if such an idea had been suggested, his behavior during the last day must have material waiting confirming or crushing it. Steady to his purpose, he scarcely spoke ten words to her through the whole of Saturday. And though they were at one time left by themselves for an hour, he had heard most conscientiously do his book, and would not even look at her. On Sunday, after morning service, the separation so agreeable to almost all took place. Ms. Bingley's civility to Elizabeth increased at last very rapidly, as well as the reflection of the Jane. And when they parted after assuring the latter of the playshade would always give her to see her, either at Longboard or at Neppocrates, and embracing the most tender, she even shook hands with the firm. Elizabeth took leave of the whole party in the lively spirits. They were not welcomed home very cordially by their mother. Mrs. Bingley wondered her that coming and thought them very wrong to give so much trouble, and was sure Jane would have caught cold again. But their father, though very iconic in his expressions of pleasure, was really glad to see them. He had felt their importance in the family circle. The evening conversation when they were all assembled had lost much of its animation, and almost all its sense by the absence of Jane and Elizabeth. They found Mary as usual deep in the study of thorough base and human nature, and had some new extracts to admire and some new observations of thread bear morality to listen to. Catherine and Lydia had information for them of a different sort. Much had been done and much had been said to the regiments since the preceding Wednesday. Several of the officers had died lately with their uncle. A private had been flamed, and it had actually been hinted that Colonel Forster was going to be married. Chapter 13 I hope my dear, said Mr. Bennett to his wife, as they were at breakfast the next morning. That you have ordered a food dinner today, because I have reason to expect an addition to our family party. Who do you mean my dear? I don't know if nobody that is coming. I'm sure unless the Charlotte Lucas should happen to call in, and I hope my dinner is a good enough for her, and do not believe she often sees such at home. The person of whom I speak is a gentleman and a stranger. Mrs. Bennett's eyes are sparkled. The gentleman and a stranger. It is Mr. Bingley I'm sure. Why Jane, you never dropped a word of this, you slight thing. Well I'm sure I shall be extremely glad to see Mr. Bingley. But good lord, how unlucky there is not a bit of fish to be got today. Lydia, my love ring the bell, I must speak to her this moment. It is not Mr. Bingley, I'll set her husband. He is a person who I never saw before in the course of my life. This rast a general astonishment. And he had the pleasure of being eagerly questioned by his wife and five daughters at once. After a reason himself sometime with their curiosity, he thus explained about a month ago I received this letter and about a fortnight ago I answered it for I thought it a case of some delicacy and requiring early attention. It is from my cousin Mr. Collins, who when I am dead, may turn you all out of this house as soon as he places. Oh my dear, cried his wife. I cannot bear to hear that mention. Pray do not talk of that odious man. I do think it's the hardest thing in the world that your estate should be entailed away from your own children. I'm sure if I had been you I should have tried long ago to do something or rather about it. Jane and Elizabeth attempted to explain to her the nature of an entail. They had often attempted it before, but it was a subject on which Mrs. Bennett was beyond the reach of reason. And she continued to rail bitterly against the cruelty of settling in a state away from a family of five daughters in favor of a man who nobody cared anything about. It certainly is a most iniquid as a fair said Mr. Bennett, and nothing can clear Mr. Collins from the guilt of inheriting long-born. But you few will listen to his letter, you may perhaps be a little softened by his manner of expressing himself. No, that I'm sure I shall not, and I think it was very impurted and off him to write to you at all, and very hypocritical. I hate such false friends. Why could not he keep on quarreling with you as his father did before him? Why indeed? He does seem to have some filial scruble in that head as you will hear. Huntsford, near West Ham, Kent, 15th October. Deer Sir The disagreement subsisting between yourself and my late honoured father always gave me much unisness. And since I have had the misfortune to lose him, I have frequently wished to heal the breach. But for some time I was kept back by my own doubts. Fearing less did might seem disrespectful to his memory. For me to be on good terms with anyone with whom it had always pleased him to be at variance. Tham is his bet at? My mind, however, is now made up on a subject. For having received ordination at East Ham, I have been so fortunate as to be distinguished by the patronage of the right honorable Lady Catherine de Berg. Widow of Sir Louis de Berg, who is bounty and beneficence has preferred me to the valuable rectory of this parish. Where it shall be my earnest endeavour to demean the sight of late respect towards her face. And be ever ready to perform those rights and ceremonies which are instituted by the Church of England. As a clergyman, moreover, I feel it more duty to promote and establish the blessing of peace in all families within the reach of minefulence. And on these grounds, I flatter myself that my present overtures of goodwill are highly commendable and that the circumstance of my being next to me in tale of long-worn state will be kindly overloading your side and not lead you to reject the offered olive branch. I cannot be otherwise concerned at being the means of injuring your amyreal daughters and make me do the college of my own. As well as I am sure you of my readiness to make them every possible immense, but of this hereafter. If you should have no objection to receive me into your house, I propose myself the satisfaction of waiting on you and your family, one laying November 18th or November 14th. And shall probably trespass on your hospitality till the Saturday so night following, which I can do without any convenience, a slated Catherine is far from objecting to my occasional absence on Sunday. Providing that some other clergymen is engaged to do the duty of the day. I remain disobeyed with respect to the confidence to your lady and daughters, your well-wisher and friend William Collins. At 4 o'clock therefore, we may expect this peace-making gentleman. Said Mr Bennett as he folded up the letter. He seems to be a most conscientious and polite young man upon my word, and I doubt not will prove a valuable acquaintance. Especially Lady Catherine should be so indulgent as to let him come to us again. There is some sense in what he says about the girls, however, and if he is disposed to make them any men, I shall not be the person to discourage him. Though it is difficult, Sanjay, to guess in what way he can mean to make us the eternity things are due, the wish certainly to his credit. Elizabeth was chiefly struck with his extraordinary difference for Lady Catherine, and his kind intention of christening, marrying, and burying his parishioners whenever it were required. He must be an oddity, I think, Sanjay. I cannot make him out. There is something very pompous in his style. What can he mean by apologising for being next to me and tell? We cannot supposedly would help it if he could. Can he be a sensible man, sir? No, my dear, I think not. I have great hopes of finding him quite the reverse. There is a mixture of civility and self-importance in his letter to promise as well. I am impatient to see him. In point of composition, San Mary, this letter does not seem effective. The idea of the olive branch perhaps is not wholly new yet I think it is well expressed. To Catherine and Lydia, and neither the letter nor its writer were in any degree interesting. It was next to me, plus it, that their consums should come in a scarlet coat, and it was now some weeks since they have received pressure from the society of a man in any other colour. As for their mother, Mr Collins letter had done away with much of her ill will, and she was preparing to see him with a degree of composure, which has polished her as a bottle. Mr Collins was a punctual twist by him. And was received great polygons by the whole family. Mr Bennett indeed said little, but the ladies were ready enough to talk. And Mr Collins seemed neither in need of encouragement nor inclined to be silent himself. He was a tall, heavy-looking young man of 5 and 20. His air was graven stately, and his manners were very formal. He had not been seated long before he complimented Mrs Bennett on having so fine a family of daughters. Said he had heard much of their beauty, but that in this instance, fame had fallen short of the truth. And added that he did not doubt her seeing them all in due time well disposed of in marriage. This gallantry was not much to the taste of some of his heroes, but Mrs Bennett who quarrel with no compliments answered most readily. Very kind I'm sure, and I wish with all my heart it may prove so. For else they will be destitute enough. Things are settled so oddly. You a lute, perhaps, to the end tale of this estate? As sir, I do indeed, it's a grievous affair to my poor girls you must confess. Not that I mean to find fault with you. For such things I know are all chance in this world. There is no knowing how a state will go and once they come to be entailed. I am very sensible, madam, of the hardship to my fair cousins, and could say much on the subject, but that I am cautious of appearing forward and precipitate. But I can assure you the young ladies that I can't prepare to admire them. At present I will not say more, but perhaps when we are better acquainted. He was interrupted by a summons to dinner and the girls smiled on each other. They were not the only objects of Mr Collins admiration. The hall, the dining room, and all its furniture were examined and praised. And his commendation of everything would have touched Mrs Bennett's heart, but for the mortifying supposition of his viewing at all as his own future property. The dinner too, which term was highly admired, and he picked to know to which of his fair cousins, instance of its cooking was only. But here who was set right by Mrs Bennett, was short of its prosperity that they were very well able to be a good-for-for. And that her daughter said nothing to do with future. He begged pardon for having displaced her. In a softened tone she declared herself not at all offended, but he continued to apologise for the amount of cultural for now. That is the end of chapter 13. This is Liverpool's recording. Liverpool's recordings are in the book of the book. For more information, please visit librivox.org. Today's reading is Pride and Pregnance by Jane Austen, chapters 12 and 13. Chapter 12 In consequence of an agreement between the sisters, Elizabeth wrote the next morning to her mother, to beg the other carriage might be sent for them in the course of the day. But Mrs Bennett, who had calculated on her daughters remaining at the end of the day to the following Tuesday, which were exactly finished chains we had. Could not bring herself to a single with a pleasure before. Her answer, therefore, was not propitious, at least not to Elizabeth's wishes. For she was impatient to get home. Mrs Bennett sent them word that they could not possibly have the carriage before Tuesday. And in her post-cript, it was added that a Mr Bingly and a sister pressed them to stay longer, she could spare them very well. Against staying longer, Elizabeth was positively resolved. Nor would it be. The contrary has been considered as intruding themselves needlessly long. She urged Jane to borrow Mr Bingly's carriage immediately. At length it was settled, but the original design of leaving never filled that morning should be mentioned and the request made. The communication excited many professions of concern, and enough was sent, which she would to stay until the following day to work on Jane. And till the morrow they'd go in was deferred. Ms Bingly was then sorry that she had proposed the delay, for her jealousy and dislike of one sister, might exceed it her affection for the other. The monster fell out and led with a real sorrow that they would go so soon. And repeatedly tried to persuade Ms Bennett that it would not be safe for her, that she was not enough recovered. But Jane was firm where she felt herself to be right. To Mr Darcy, it was welcome intelligence. Elizabeth had been at Netherfield long enough. She attracted him more than he liked. And Ms Bingly was in similar to her, and more teasing than usual to him so, while he was in result to be particularly careful, no sign of admiration should now escape him. Nothing that elevate her with the hope of influencing his fall asleep. Sensible that if such an idea had been suggested, his behavior during the last day must have material weight in confirming or crushing it. Steady to his purpose, he scarcely spoke ten words to her through the whole of Saturday, and though they were at one time left by themselves for half an hour, he had hid most of her changes for days before. On Sunday, after morning service, the separation so agreeable to almost all took place. Ms Bingly's civility to Elizabeth increased at last very rapidly, as well as her affection for Jane. And when they parted, after assuring the latter of the pleasure it would always give her to see her, either at long-born or at never the field. And embracing her most tenderly, she even shook hands with the former. Elizabeth took leave of the whole party to fight with Smithers. They were not welcomed home very cordially by them, but Mrs Bingly wondered if they're coming and thought them very wrong to give so much trouble. And were sure Jane would have caught cold again. But their father, though very laconic in his expressions of pleasure, was really glad to see them. He had felt their importance in the family circle. The evening conversation when they were all assembled had lost much of its animation, and almost all it says by the absence of Jane and Elizabeth. They found Mary as usual deep in the study of thorough base and human nature. And had some new extracts to admire and some new observations of thread-bomb-mourna to the city. Catherine and Lydia had information for them of a different sort. Much had been done and much had been said in the regimen since the preceding Wednesday. Several of the officers have died lately with their children. A private had been robbed. And it had actually been hinted that Colonel Forster was going to be married. Chapter 13 I hope my dear said Mr Bennett to his wife as they were at breakfast the next morning. That you have ordered a good dinner today because I have reason to expect an addition to our family part. Who do you mean my dear? I know of nobody that is coming. I'm sure unless Charlotte Lucas should happen to call him. And I hope my dinner is good enough for her. And I do not believe she will not see such at home. The person of whom I speak is a gentleman and a stranger. Mrs Bennett's eyes are sparkled. A gentleman and a stranger. It is Mr Bingley I'm sure. Right Jane, never dropped a word of this you slight thing. Well I'm sure I shall be extremely glad to see Mr Bingley. But good lord how unlucky there is not a bit of fish to be got today. Lydia my loving the bell I must speak to heal this moment. It is not Mr Bingley said a husband. It is a person whom I never saw in the whole course of my life. This rast a general astonishment. And he had the pleasure of being eagerly questioned by his wife and five daughters at once. After amusing himself sometime with their curiosity he thus explained about a month ago I received this letter and about a fortnight ago I answered it for I thought it a case of some delicacy and requiring early attention. It is from my cousin Mr Collins who when I am dead may tell you all out of this house as soon as he pleases. Oh my dear, cried his wife. I cannot bear to hear that mention. Pray do not talk of that odious man. I do think it is the hardest thing in the world to a stage be entailed away from your own children. And I am sure if I had been you I should have tried long ago to do something or rather a bunch of things. Jane and Elizabeth attempted to explain to her the nature of an entail. They had often attempted it before. But it was a subject on which Mrs Bennett was beyond the reach of reason. And she continued to rail bitterly against the cruelty of settling in a state away from a family of five daughters in favour of a man who made it clear anything about. It certainly is a most iniquitous affair said Mr Bennett. And nothing can clear Mr. President of the Guild of Enheriting Longborn. But if you will listen to his letter you may perhaps be a little softened by his manner of expressing himself. No, that I am sure I shall not. And I think it was very impotent of him to write to you at all. And very, my face is all strange. Why could not he keep on quarreling with you as his father did before him? Why indeed? He just seemed to have some filial scruples in that head as you will hear. Huntsford, you are wasted. Dear Sir, the disagreement subsisting between yourself and my late honoured father always gave me much unisonous. And since I have had the misfortune to lose him, I have frequently wished to heal the breach. But for some time I was kept back by my own doubts. Fearing less it might seem disrespectful to his memory. For me to be honoured. For having received an international act list, I had been so much honoured and hastily distinguished by the patronage of the right honorable Lady Catherine de Berg. Widow of Sir Louis de Berg, whose bounty and beneficence has preferred me to the valuable rectory of this parish. Where it shall be my oldest endeavour to demean myself with grateful respect for its her Lady ship. And be ever ready to perform those rights and ceremonies which are instituted by the Church of England. As a clergyman, moreover, I feel it my duty to promote and establish the blessing of peace in all families within the reach of my influence. And on these grounds, I flatter myself that my present overtures of goodwill are highly commendable and that the circumstance of my being next in the entail of long-born estate would obtain a bullet to your side and not lead you to eject the offered olive branch. I cannot be otherwise concerned at being the means of injuring your evil daughters and beg leave to apologise for it. As well as to assure you of my readiness to make them every possible immense, but of this year after. If you should have no objection to receive me into your house, I propose myself the satisfaction of waiting on you and your family Monday November 18th by 4 o'clock. And shall probably trespass on your hospitality till the Saturday so night following, which I can do without any inconvenience as Lady Catherine is far from objecting to my occasional absence on a Sunday. Providing that some other clergymen is engaged to do the duty of the day. I remain discer with respectful compliments to your Lady and daughters, your well-wisher and friend William Collins. At 4 o'clock, therefore we may expect this peace-making gentleman, and said Mr Benad as he folded up the letter. He seems to be a most conscientious, polite young man, upon my word, and I doubt not will prove a valuable acquaintance, especially Lady Catherine should be so indulgent as to let him come to us again. There is some sense in what he says about the girls, however, and if he is disposed to make them any men, as I shall not be the person to discourage him. Though it is difficult, such a aim to guess in what way he can mean to make the entomedy things are due, the wish is certainly to his credit. Elizabeth was chiefly struck with his extraordinary difference for Lady Catherine, and his kind intention of christening, marrying and burying his parishioners whenever it would be planned. He was being ordered to have been, essentially. I cannot make him out. There is something very pompous in his style, and what can he mean by apologising for being next in the entail? We cannot suppose he would help it if he could. Can he be a sensible man? No, I dare I think not. I think he really hopes to find a good way to reverse. There is a mixture of civility and self-importance in his letter which promises well. I am a big host. In point of composition, said Mary. His letter does not seem defective. The idea of the olive branch perhaps is not wholly new yet I think it is well expressed. To Catherine and Lydia, neither the letter nor its writer were in any degree interesting. It was next to impossible that their cousin should come in a scarlet coat, and it was now some weeks since they had received pleasure from the society of a man in any other colour. As for their mother, Mr Collins letter had done away with much of her own bill, actually was preparing to see him with a degree of composure into scholarships and an orders. Mr Collins was punctual to his time, and was received with great politeness by the whole family. Mr Bennett indeed said little, but the ladies were ready enough to talk, and Mr Collins seemed neither in need of encouragement nor inclined to be silent himself. He was a tall, heavy-looking young man of 5 and 20. His air was grave and stately, and his manners were very formal. He had not been seated long before he complimented Mrs Bennett on having so fine and family of daughters. He said he had heard much of their beauty, but had in this instance fame had fallen short of the truth, and added that he did not doubt her seeing them all in due time well disposed of in marriage. This gallantry was not much to the taste of some of his heroes, but Mrs Bennett who quarrel with no problems, and he answered most readily. There we climbed on shore, and I wished with all my heart it may prove so, for else they would be destitute enough, things are settled so oddly. You are lud, perhaps, to the end tale of this estate? Master, I do indeed, it's a grievous affair to my poor girls who must confess. Not that I mean to find fault with you, for such things I know are all chance in this world. There is no knowing how a state will go in once they come to be entailed. I am very sensible, madam, of the hardship to my fair cousins, and could say much on the subject, but that I am cautious of appearing forward and precipitate. But I can assure you the young ladies that I come prepared to admire them. At present I will not say more, but perhaps when we have it repainted. He was interrupted by a summits to dinner, the girls smiled on each other. They were not the only objects of Mr Collins admiration. The hall, the dining room, and all its furniture were examined and placed. And his commendation of everything would have touched Mrs Bennett's heart, but for them mortifying supposition of his viewing it all as his own future property. The dinner too, in its turn, was highly admired, and he begged to know the witch of his fair cousins, the excellency of its cooking was owing. But here he was set right by Mrs Bennett, who assured him with some asperity that they were very well able to keep a good cook. And that her doctors had nothing to do in the kitchen. He begged pardon for having displeased her. In a softened tone she declared herself not at all offended, but he continued to apologize for the fact that the author of an hour. That is the end of chapter 13. This is a Librevox recording. All Librevox recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer, please visit Librevox.org. This recording by Mark Bradford. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 14. During dinner, Mr Bennett scarce spoke at all, but when the servants were withdrawn, he thought it time to have some conversations with his guests. And therefore started a subject in which he expected him to shine. By observing that he seemed very fortunate in his patroness. Lady Catherine de Wargs' attention to his wishes and consideration for his comfort, appeared very remarkable. Mr Bennett could not know she was never there. Mr Collins was eloquent in her praise. The subject elevated him to more than usual salinity of manner. Yet, never in his life witnessed such behavior in a person of rank, such affability and condescension as he had himself experienced from Lady Catherine. She had been graciously pleased to approve of both of the discourses which he had already had the honor of preaching before her. She had also asked him twice to die of the princess. And had sent for him only the seven days before, make up her pool of the queryll in the evening. Lady Catherine was reckoned proud by many people he knew, but he had never seen anything but affability in her. She had always spoken to him as she would to any other gentleman. She made not the smallest objection to his joining in the society of the neighborhood, nor to his leaving the parish occasionally for a week or two to visit his relations. She had even condescended to advise him to marry as soon as he could, provided he chose with discretion, and had once paid him a visit in his humble personage, or she had perfectly approved all the alterations he had been making, and had even vouched safe to suggest some herself, some shelves in the closet upstairs. That is all very proper in civil, I am sure, said Mrs. Bennett. And I dare say she is a very agreeable woman. It is a pity that great ladies in general are not more like her. Does she live near you, sir? The garden in which stands my humble abode is separated only by a land from Rosen's park, her lady should dress it as. I think she said she was a widower, has she any family? She has only one daughter, the eras of Rosen's, and a very extensive property. Ah, Sidney's been it, shaking her head, then she is better off than many girls. And what sort of young lady is she, is she handsome? She is the most charming lady in the evening, and the pattern herself says that, in point of true beauty, Mr. Ward is far superior to the handsomest of her sex. Because there is that in her features, which marks the young lady of distinguished birth. She is unfortunately of a sickly constitution, which has prevented her from making that progress in many accomplishments, which she could not otherwise have failed of, as I am informed by the lady who superintendent her education, and who still resides with them. But she is perfectly amiable and often condescends to drive by my humble abode in her little faton and ponies. Has she been presented? I do not remember her name among the ladies at court. Her indifference state of health unhappily prevents her being in town, and by that means, as I told Lady Catherine one day, has deprived the British court of its brightest ornaments. For Lady ship, in peace, is your ideal. And you may imagine that I am happy that every occasion to offer those little delicate compliments, which are always acceptable to ladies. I have more than once observed to Lady Catherine, that her charming daughter seemed born to be a Duchess, and that the most elevated rank, instead of giving her consequence, would be adorned by her. These are the kind of little things which please her Lady ship, and it is a sort of attention which I can see myself peculiarly bound to pay. You judge very properly, sir, Mr. Bennett. And you did happy for you that you possess the talent of Catherine, the delicacy. May I ask whether these pleasing attention is perceived from the impulse of the moment, or are the result of previous study? Thank you. We are at T-Cree for a lot of hearts in the palm. And though I sometimes amuse myself, for suggesting that I am a angel, to clittle elegant compliments of Lady Catherine to the original occasions, I always wish to give them as unstudied in there as possible. Mr. Bennett's expectations were fully answered. His cousin was his absurd as he had hoped, and he listened to him with the keenest enjoyment, maintaining at the same time the most resolute composure of countenance, and, except in an occasional glance at Elizabeth, requiring no partner in his pleasure. By T-Time, however, the dose had been enough, and Mr. Bennett was glad to take his guest into the drawing room again, and when T was over, glad to invite him to read aloud to the ladies. Mr. Collins readily ascended, and a book was produced, but on beholding it, for everything an altitude to be from a circulating library, he started back, and begging part, for test of that he never read novels. Giddy stared at him at Lydia explained, other books were produced, and after some deliberation he chose four dices, sermons. Lydia gaped as he opened to the volume, and before he had, with very monotonous salinity, read three pages, she had interrupted him with, do you know, Mava, that my uncle Phillips talks of turning away Richard, and if he does, for her first-erval higher-hand, my aunt told me so herself on Saturday, I shall walk to Marietan tomorrow to hear more about it, and to ask when Mr. Denny comes back from town. Lydia was bid by her two eldest-assisted, and she said, well, Mr. Collins, much offended. They decide his book, and said, I have often observed how little young ladies are interested by books of a serious stamp, though written solely for their benefit. It amazes me, I confess. For certainly, there can be nothing so advantageous to them as instruction, but I will no longer import your life. Then turning to Mr. Bennett, he offered himself as his antagonist at that geman. Mr. Bennett accepted the challenge, observing that he acted very wisely in leaving the girls to their own trifling and usements. Mrs. Bennett entered otters apologized most civilly for Lydia's interruption, and promised that it should not occur again if he would resume his book. But Mr. Collins, after assuring them that he bore his own cousin, don't weel, which had never been sent her behaviors any of front. He did himself at another table with Mr. Bennett, and prepared for backgammon. Chapter 15. Mr. Collins was not a sensible man, and the deficiency of nature had been but little assisted by education or society. The greatest part of his life having been spent under the guidance of an illiterate and miserly father, and though he belonged to one of the universities, he had merely kept the necessary terms without forming at it in a useful acquaintance. The subjection in which his father had brought him up had given him originally great humility of manner, but it was now a good deal counteracted by the self-conceived belief head, living the retirement, and the consequential feelings of early and unexpected prosperity. A fortunate chance that an independent lady kept her poor, when the living of her husband was vacant and respect for her child and her generation for her as his patroness, mingling with a very good opinion of himself of his authority as a clergyman and his right as a rector. Made him altogether a mixture of the pride of the people of his business, self-importance and humility. Having now a good house and a very sufficient income, he intended to marry, and in seeking a reconciliation with the long-born family he had a wife in view, as he meant to choose one of the daughters if he found them as handsome and imbibble as they were represented by common report. This was his plan of amends, of atonement, for inheriting their father's estate. And he thought it in excellent one, full of eligibility and suitableness, and excessively generous, and disinterested on his own path. His plan did not vary on seeing them. Miss Bennett's lovely face confirmed his views and established all his strictest notions of what was due to seniority. And for the first evening, she was his settled choice. The next morning, however, made an alteration. For in a quarter of an hour's tithatead with Mrs. Bennett before breakfast. A conversation beginning with his parcel of a child's and leading a- Produced from her, a mid-very complacent smiles in general encouragement, a caution against the very Jane he had fixed on. As to her younger daughters, she could not take it upon her to say, she could not positively answer, but she did not know of any preposition. Her eldest daughter, she must just mention. She felt it incumbent on her to hint, was likely to be very soon engaged. Mr. Collins had only to change from Jane to Elizabeth, and it was soon done. Done while Mrs. Bennett was stirring the fire. Elizabeth equally next to Jane in birth and beauty, succeeded her of course. Mrs. Bennett treasured up the hint, and trusted that she might soon have two daughters married. The man whom she could not bear to speak of the day before is now high in her good graces. Lydia's intention of walking to marriage and he was not forgotten. Every sister except Mary agreed to go with her. And Mr. Collins was to attend them at the request of Mr. Bennett, who was most anxious to get rid of him and have his library to himself. For Vither Mr. Collins had followed him after breakfast, and there he would continue. Namely engaged with one of the largest folios in the collection, but really talking to Mr. Bennett, with little cessation of his house and gardener. Touched doings discomposed Mr. Bennett exceedingly. His library could get the knowledge for a pleasure and a clue. And over the pair, as he told Elizabeth, to meet with Fully and his every other room of the house, he was used to be free from them there. His civility therefore was most prompt in inviting Mr. Collins to join his daughters, and the wealth and the wealth. The in fact much better fitted for a walker in the reader was extremely pleased to close his large book and go. In pompous nothings on his side and civil assence on that of his cousins, their time passed till the entered Marathon. The attention of the younger ones was then no longer to be gained by him. Their eyes were immediately wandering on the same night by the same night of the fathom. A lovely place that I am very sure about, a great place to be able to be a guide to the world of the world of the world. But the attention of every lady was soon caught by a young man whom they had never seen before of most gentlemen like appearance, walking with another officer on the other side of the way. The officer was the very Mr. Denny concerning whose return from London Lydia came to a fire and he bowed and then they passed. All the strength of the strangers here all wondered who he could be and Kitty and Lydia determined the fathom that they find out. Let the way across the sea under pretence of wanting some bounding and opposite shop. Unfortunately, had just gained the pavement when the two gentlemen turning back had reached the same spot. Mr. Denny addressed them directly and entrusted permission to introduce his friend, Mr. Wickham, who had returned within the day before and he was happy to see had accepted the commission in their four. This was exactly as it should be for the young man wanted only regimentals to make him completely charming. His appearance was greatly in his favor. He had all the best part of beauty, a fine countenance, a good figure, and very pleasing address. The introduction was followed up on his side by a happy readiness of conversation. A readiness at the same time, perfectly correct and unassuming. And the whole party was still standing and talking together very agreeably when the sound of horses drew their notice. And Darcy and Bingley were seen riding down the street. On distinguishing the ladies of the group, the two gentlemen came directly towards them and began the usual civilities. Bingley was the principal spokesman and was Bennett, the principal option. He was then, he said, on his way to Longward, on purpose to admire after her. Mr. Darcy corroborated it with a bow. It was beginning to determine not to fix his eyes on Elizabeth when they were suddenly arrested by the sight of the stranger. And Elizabeth, happening to see the countenance of both as they looked at him. They changed color. One looked white, the other red. Mr. Wickham, after a few moments, touch his hat. A salutation which Mr. Darcy just didn't know anything. What could be the meaning of it? Who's a husband? The imagine. It was impossible not to belong to no. In another minute, Mr. Bingley, but without seeming to have noticed what passed, took leave. The road on. Mr. Denny and his quick-learned. Walked with the young ladies to the door of Mr. Phillips House and then made their bows. In spite of Miss Lydia's pressing and treaties that she took in. And even in spite of Mrs. Phillips's current departure from Palmerston and loudly seconding the invitation. Mrs. Phillips was always glad to see her nieces. And the two eldest from their recent absence were particularly welcome. And she was eagerly expressing her surprise that their sudden return home, which, as their own carriage, had not touched them, she should have known nothing about. If she had not happened to see Mr. Jones's shop boy in the street. Who had told her that they were not descended anymore drafts to Netherland because the Miss Benets were come away. When her civility was claimed towards Mr. Collins by James' introduction of him. They received the letter and buried that's falan. He returned with as much more apologizing for his intrusion without any previous acquaintance with her, which he could not help but laugh at himself however, might he justify for his relationship to the young ladies who introduced him to her notice. Mrs. Phillips was quite odd by such an excess of good reading. But her contemplation of one stranger was soon put to an end by explanation that the three used to go together. Of whom, however, she could only tell her nieces what they already knew. That Mr. Denny had brought him from London and that he was to have a lieutenant's commission in the blank shy. She had been watching him the last hour, she said, as he walked up and down the street. And had Mr. Wickham appeared. Kitty and Lydia would certainly have been to the occupation. But I'm lucky that one person in the house windows now would have to move the officers. Who, in comparison with the stranger, would become stupid disagreeable fellows. Some of them were to die with the Phillips's the next day. And there on promised to make her husband call on Mr. Wickham and give him an invitation also. If the family from Longborn would come in the evening. This was agreed to, and Mrs. Phillips protested that they would have a nice comfortable noisy game of other idiots. And a little bit of hot supper afterwards. The prospect of such delights was very cheering. And a party to the new day of the funeral. Mr. Collins repeated his apologies in quitting the room. And was assured with unwaring civility that they were perfectly needless. As they walked home, Elizabeth related to Jane, which he had seen pass between the two gentlemen. But though Jane would have defended neither on both that they appeared to be in the wrong. She could no more explain such behavior than her sister. Mr. Collins, on his return, highly gratified Mrs. Bennett by admiring Mrs. Phillips's manners and politeness. He protested that, except Lady Catherine and her daughter. He had never seen her. Woman. She had not only received him with the utmost civility, but even pointedly included him in her invitation for the next evening, although utterly unknown to her before. Something he's opposed might be attributed to his connection with them. But yet he had never met with so much attention and the whole course of his life. And of September 15. Recorded November 15, 2005. This is the Revector of that recording. All Revector of that recording is published in the name. For more information or to volunteer, please visit www.liberfox.org. Reading by Annie Coleman in St. Louis, Missouri on December 11, 2005. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 16. As no objection was made to the young people's engagement with their arms, and all Mr. Collins' scruples of leaving Mr. and Mrs. Bennett for a single evening during his visit, for most steadily resisted, the coach conveyed him and his five cousins at a suitable hour to Maryton. And the girl had the pleasure of hearing as they entered the drawing room that Mr. Wickham had accepted their uncle's invitation and was then in the house. When this information was given and they had all taken their seats, Mr. Collins was at leisure to look around him and admire and he was so much struck with the size and furniture of the apartment that he declared he might almost have supposed himself in the small summer breakfast parlour at Rosings. A comparison that did not at first convey much gratification but when Mr. Stark was speaking to him about her, and he was at the party's work. When she had listened to the church, one of Lady Catherine's drawing rooms and found that the chimney piece alone had cost 800 pounds she felt all the force of the compliment and would hardly have resented a comparison with the housekeeper's room. In the striping chair, all the grandeur of Lady Catherine and her mansion, the occasional digressions in praise of his own humble abode and the improvements it was receiving. He was happily employed until the gentleman joined them and he found in Mrs. Phillips a very attentive listener whose opinion of his consequence increased with what she heard and who was resolving to retail it all among her neighbors who were not listening to their cousin and you had nothing to do with which for an instrument and a remnant of their own indifferent imitations as China's uniformity. The interval of waiting to hear very long to the over-appel of her husband. The gentleman did approach and when Mr. Wickham walked into the room, Elizabeth felt that she had neither been seeing him before nor thinking of him since the smallest degree of unreasonable admiration. The officers of the Shire were in general a very credible gentleman like set and the best of them of the present party. But Mr. Wickham was as far beyond them all in person, countenance, air, and walk as they were superior to the broad faced, stuffy uncle Phillips, bringing part wine, followed them into the room. Mr. Wickham was the happy man towards whom almost every female I was hurt and Elizabeth was the happy woman by whom he finally seated himself, and the agreeable manner and which he immediately fell into conversation though it was only on its being a wet night. Manter feel that the communist, dullest, most red bear topic might be rendered interesting by the skill of the speaker. Mr. Wickham was not a single person, very desperate for the notice of the fair as Mr. Wickham and the officers. The young lady, she's certainly was nothing, but he had still at intervals, the kind-lookinger in Mrs. Phillips, and was by her watchfulness most upundantly supplied with coffee and shampoo. When the party dabled her plate, he had the opportunity of obligating her chair by staying there to a toast. He did a little of the game at present, said he, but I shall be glad to improve myself. For my situation in life, Mrs. Phillips was very glad for his compliance, but could not wait for his reason. Mr. Wickham did not play at Wist, and with ready delight was he received at the other table between Elizabeth and Lydia. At first there seemed danger of Lydia's engrossing him entirely, for she was a must-determant to talk her. But being likewise really well and longer he came in. He grew too much interested in the game, too eager to make bets, and explaining everything he has attention for anyone in particular. Allowing for the common demands of the game, Mr. Wickham was therefore at leisure to talk to Elizabeth, and she was very willing to hear him. Though what she chiefly wished to hear, she could not hope to be told. His story as his acquaintance was Mr. Karsey. She dared not even mention that gentleman. Her curiosity, however, was unexpectedly weak. Mr. Wickham began the subject himself. He acquired rough-hearted Bill Boyle in the American, and after receiving her answer, asked in a hesitating manner how long Mr. Darcy had been staying there. About a month, said Elizabeth, and then unwilling to let the subject drop, added, he is a man of very large property, and Darcy's sheetor I understand. Yes, replied Mr. Wickham. His estate there is a number one, a clear 10,000 per annum. You could not have met with a person more capable of giving you certain information on that head than myself, for I have been connected with his family in a particular manner from my infancy. Elizabeth could not, but looked at that. You may welcome her to spend it at such an assertion. After seeing, as you probably might, the very called manner of our meeting yesterday. Are you much acquainted with Mr. Darcy? As much as I ever wished to be, Pridal Elizabeth very warmly, I have spent four days in the same process as him and I think him very disagreeable. I have no right to give my opinion, said Wickham, as to his being agreeable or otherwise. I am not qualified to form one. I have known him too long and too well to be a fair judge. It is impossible for me to be impartial, but I believe your opinion of him would in general astonish, and perhaps you would not express a quite so strongly anywhere else. Here you are in your own family. Upon my word, I say no more here than I might say in any house in the neighborhood, except another field. He is not at all liked and hurt for cheer. Everybody is disgusted with his pride. He will not find him more favorably spoken of by anyone. I cannot pretend to be sorry, said Wickham, after short interruption, that he, or that any man, should not be estimated beyond their beliefs. But with him, I believe it does not often happen. The world is blinded by his fortune and consequence, or frightened by his high and imposing manners, and see some only as he chooses to be seen. I should take him even on my flight acquaintance to be an L tempered man. I will come from the show of his life. I will wonder. Said he, at the next opportunity of speaking, whether he is likely to be in this country much longer. Why do you not at all know that I heard nothing of his going away when I was in never field? I hope your plans in favor of the Shire will not be affected by his being in the neighborhood. Oh no, it is not for me to be driven away by Mr. Darcy. If he wishes to avoid seeing me, he must go. We are not on friendly terms, and it always gives me pain to meet him. But I have no reason for avoiding him. But what I might proclaim before all the world, a sense of very great illusive and most painful regrets at his being what he is. His father, Ms. Bennett, the land Mr. Darcy, was one of the best men that ever breed and the truest friend that ever had, and I can never be in company with this Mr. Darcy without being grieved to the soul by a thousand tender recollections. His behavior to myself has been scandalous. But I very believe I could forgive him anything and everything, rather than his disappointing hopes and discracing the memory of his father. Elizabeth found the interest of the subject increase and listened with all her heart, but the delicacy of it prevented further inquiry. Mr. Wicken began to speak on more general topics. Mariton, the neighborhood, the society, of hearing highly fluently with all that he had yet seen. And speaking of the latter with gentle but very intelligible gallantry. It was the prospect of constant society and good society he added, which was my chief inducement to enter the shire. I knew it to be a most respectable, agreeable core, and my friend's daddy tempted me further by his account of their personal quarters and the very great attentions and excellent acquaintances and Mary-Ten had procured them. Society, I own, is necessary to me. I have been a discraced man and my spirit from not being a fault for him and must have employment and society. A military life is not what I was intended for, but circumstances have now made it eligible. The church ought to have been my profession. I was brought up for the church, and I should at this time have been in possession of a most valuable living, at a free good gentleman who was speaking of just now. Indeed, yes, the late Mr. Darcy bequeefed me the next presentation of the best living in his gift. He was my godfather and excessively attached to me. I cannot do justice to his kindness. He meant to provide for me amply and thought he had done it. But when the living fell, it was given elsewhere. Good heavens, cried Elizabeth, but how could that be? How could his will be disregarded? Why did you not seek legal repressed? There was just such an incomality in the terms of the request as to give me no hope from law. A man of honor could not have doubted the intention, but Mr. Darcy chose to doubt it, or to treat it as a merely conditional recommendation, and to assert that I had forfeit all claim to it by extravagant and prudent in short. Anything or nothing. Certain is aayse that the living became vacant two years ago, exactly as I was of an age to hold it, and that it was given to another man. And no less certain is it that I cannot accuse myself of having really done anything to deserve to lose it. I have a warm, unguarded temper, and I may have spoken my opinion of him and to him, to freely. I can recall nothing worse, but the fact is that we are very different sort of men, and that he hates me. This is quite shocking. He deserves to be publicly disgraced. Sometime a rather he will be the child that he will be. I think if you get his father, I can never defy or expose him. Elizabeth honored him for such feelings and thought him handsome or than ever as he expressed them. But what? He said after cause, but has been his muscles. What could have induced him to behave so cruelly? A thorough, determined dislike is me. A dislike which I cannot put a treat in some measure to jelly. I belate Mr. Garcia like me less. The sun might have borne with me better. But his father's uncommon attachment to me irritated him. I believe very early in life. He had not attempted to bear the sort of competition in which we stood. Sort of preference because often given me. I had not thought Mr. Garcia so bad as this, though I have never liked him. I had not thought so very ill at him. I had supposed him to be despising his fellow creatures in general, but did not suspect him of descending to such malicious revenge, such injustice, such inhumanity as this. After a few minutes reflection, however, she continued. I do remember his boasting one day at another field of the impackability of his resentments of his having an unforgiving temper. His disposition must be flexible. I will not trust myself on the subject, replied Wickham. I can hardly be just to him. Elizabeth was again deep in thought, and after a time exclaimed, to treat in such a manner that God's son, the friend, the favorite of his father. She could have added a young man too like you whose very countenance may vouch for your being amiable, but she contended herself with, and one too who had probably been his companion from childhood, connected together as I think you said in the closest manner. We were born in the same parish. We've been the same part, the greatest part of our youth was passed together. In the midst of the same house, sharing the same amusements, objects of the same parental care. My father began life in the profession, which your uncle, Mr. Phillips, appears to do so much credit to. But he gave up everything to be a views to the late Mr. Darcy, and devoted all his time to the care of the family, including, he was most fond of seeing the by Mr. Darcy. The most intimate, confidential friend. Mr. Darcy often acknowledged himself to be under the greatest obligations to my father's active superintendent. And when immediately before my father's death, Mr. Darcy gave him a voluntary promise of providing for me. I'm convinced that he felt it to be a blessing that his father took the pin as I've with the fact that he's my self. That's strange, right Elizabeth? How abominable? I wonder that the very pride of this Mr. Darcy has not made him just to you. If from no better motive that he should not have been too proud to be dishonest, for dishonest he I must call it? It is wonderful, replied Wickham, for almost all his actions may be traced to pride, and pride had often been his best friend. It has connected him nearer with virtue than with any other feeling. But we are none of us consistent, and in his behavior to me, there were stronger impulses even than pride. Can such abominable pride as his have ever done him good? Yes, it has often led him to be liberal and generous, to give his money freely, to display hospitality to assist his tenant and to relieve the poor. Family pride and filial pride, for he is very proud of what his father was, have done this. Not to appear to disgrace the family, to degenerate from the popular qualities for whom he includes what the plumberly house is a powerful motive. He has also brotherly pride, which with some brotherly affection makes him a very kind and careful guardian of his sister, and you will hear him generally cried up as the most attentive and best of brothers. What sort of girl is Mr. C? He shook his head. I wish I could call her any more. It gives me pain to speak ill of an R.C. but she is too much like her brother. Very very proud of the child, she is a passionate and pleasing and extremely fond of me. And I have to go to hours to part and listen. She is nothing to me now. She is the handsome girl, about 15 or 16, and I understand highly accomplished. She is her father's death, her home has been London, where Lady lives with her and super intense her education. After many causes and many trials of other subjects Elizabeth could not help working once more to the first and saying, I am astonished that his intimacy with Mr. Bingley. Look at Mr. Bingley. He seems good humor itself and is I really believe truly eniable in friendship with such a man. How can they speak each other? Do you know Mr. Bingley? Not at all. He is a sweet tempered, eniable, charming man. He cannot know what Mr. Darcy is. Probably not, but Mr. Darcy can please where he chooses. He does not bond abilities. He can be a conversable companion if he thinks it worth his while. Among those who are at all his equals and consequence, he is a very different man from what he is to the last prosperous. His pride never deserves it, but with the rich, his liberal minded, just sincere, rational, unirable and perhaps agreeable, allowing something for fortune in figure. The list, party soon afterwards breaking up. The players gathered round the other table. Mr. Collins took his station between his cousin Elizabeth and Mrs. Phillips. The youth will increase as to his success was made by the latter. It had not been very great, he had lost every point. When Mrs. Phillips began to express her concern there pun, he is shurker with much earnest gravity that it was not for these two fortunes. That he considered the money as a mere trifle and begged that she would not make herself uneasy. I know very well Madam said he, that one person sit down to a car table, they must take their chances of these things. And happily I am not in touch with Stance's as to make five shillings from the object. Darcy undoubtedly many who cannot say the same. But thankfully the clapping of the board, I am the new car, and then a necessity for the part of the little matters. Mr. Wickham's attention was caught, and after observing Mr. Collins for a few moments, the asthal is a bit an aloe voice. Whether her relation was very intimately acquainted with the family of the board. Lady Captain the board, Shurkwai, has very lately given the living. I hardly know how Mr. Collins was first introduced to her notice, but he certainly has not known her long. You know of course that Lady Catherine de Bourg and Lady Anne Darcy were sisters, consequently that she is aunt to the front of Mr. Darcy. Now indeed I did not. I knew nothing at all Lady Catherine's connection. I never heard of her existence till the day before yesterday. Her daughter, Mr. Bourg, will have a very large fortune, and it is believed that she and her cousin will unite to a state. This information made me so much smile. As she thought of poor Ms. Bingley, vain indeed must be all her attentions. Vane and useless her affection for this sister, and her praise with himself, if you were already self-dust in for another. Mr. Collins said she speaks highly both of Lady Catherine and her daughter, but from some particulars that he has related her Lady ship, I suspect his gratitude mislead him, and that in spite of her being his patroness, she is an arrogant, conceded woman. I believe this is a beautiful and a great degree, who replied, but him. I have not seen her so many dreams, but I dare not remember if I never left her, and that her manners were dictatorial and insolent. She has the reputation of being remarkably sensible and sliver. But I rather believe she derives her ability to her right, and fortune, her protector, her authority. Tative men are, and the rest from the pride for her nephew, who chooses that everyone's connected with him should have an understanding of the first class. Elizabeth allowed that he had given a very rational count of it, and they continued talking together with mutual satisfaction to suffer for an end to cards, and gave the rest of the ladies their share of Mr. Whitman's attention. There could be no conversation in the noise of Mrs. Phillips' separate party, but his manners recommended him to everybody. Whatever he said was said well, and whatever he did, run gracefully. Elizabeth went away with her head full of him. She could think of nothing but of Mr. Whitman, and the hotkey had told her, all the way home. There was not time for her, even conventions name as they went. For neither Lydia, nor Mr. Collins, were once silent. Lydia talked incessantly of watery tickets. Of the fish she had lost, and the fish she had won. And Mr. Collins, in describing the stability of Mr. and Mrs. Phillips, protesting that he did not, and the least regard his losses at waste, enumerating all the dishes at supper, and repeatedly fearing that he crowded his cousins, had more to say than he could well manage before the carriage stopped at Longborn House. And of chapters 16. Chapter 17. A little bit delayed to Jane next day, what a pass between Mr. Whitman herself. Jane was suddenly astonished and concerned. She knew not how to believe that Mr. Darcy could be so in worthy of Mr. Benglish regard. And yet, it was not in the nature to question the veracity of a young man of such a imibable parents as Whitman. The possibility of his having endured such unkindness was enough to interest all her tender feelings, and nothing remained before to be done, but to think well of them both, to defend the conduct of each, and throw into the account of accident or mistake, whatever could not be otherwise explained. They have both said she'd been deceived. I dare say in some way or other, all she can form no idea. Interested people have perhaps misrepresented each to the other. It is, in short, impossible for us to conjecture the causes or circumstances which may have alienated them without actual blame on either side. Very true indeed, and now my Jane, what have you got to say on behalf of the interested people who have probably been concerned in the business, do clear them too, or we shall be obliged to think ill of somebody. Life is much as you choose, but you will not laugh me out of my opinion. My dear Slyzi, do but consider in what a disgraceful life it placed Mr. Darcy to be treating his father's favorite in such a manner. One whom his father had promised to provide for, it is impossible, no man of common humanity, no man who had any value for his character to be capable of it. And he's lost intimate friends, be so excessively deceived in him. Oh no. I can much more easily believe Mr. Bing is being imposed on the Nat Mr. Wicker, which didn't vent such a history of himself as he gave me last night. Names, facts, every convention without ceremony. If he'd been up so, but Mr. Darcy contradicted. Besides, there was truth in his looks. It is difficult indeed. It is distressing. One does not know what to think. I'll take you part of the music that we want. But you have to think of certainty on only one point that Mr. Bingley, if he had been imposed on, would have much to suffer when the affair became public. The two young ladies were summoned from the shrubbery. For the conversation passed by the arrival of a very close little girl who had been speaking. Mr. Bingley and his sisters came to give their personal invitation for the long-expected ball at another field, which was fixed for the following Tuesday. The two ladies were delighted to see their dear friend again, calling it an age since they had met, and repeatedly asking what she had been doing with herself since their separation. To the rest of the family, they paid little attention. Avoiding Mrs. Bennett as much as possible, pay much too Elizabeth, and nothing at all to the others. They were soon gone again, rising from their seats with an activity which took care of her by surprise, and hurrying off as if eager to escape from Mrs. Bennett's civility. The prospect of another field ball was extremely agreeable to every female of the family. Mrs. Bennett chose to consider it as given compliment to her eldest daughter, and was particularly flattered by receiving the invitation from Mr. Bingley himself instead of a ceremony as card. Jane makes sure to herself a happy evening in the society of her two friends and the attentions of their brother. And Elizabeth thought with pleasure of dancing a great deal with Mr. Wiffon, and of seeing a confirmation of everything when Mr. Barsher's look and behavior. I'm happy to meet Mrs. Bennett's very happy and familiar. If you'd less than anything more than for any for the full person, for both of the each, like Elizabeth meant to dance, has to eat ling with Mr. Wiffon. He was by no means the only partner who could satisfy them, and the ball was at any rate of all. And even Mary could assure her family that she had no disinclination for it. While I can't have my mornings to myself, said she, it is enough. I think it is no sacrifice to join occasionally in evening engagements. Society has claims on us all, and I profess myself, one of those who consider intervals of recreation and amusement, and desirable for everybody. Elizabeth's spirits were so high on the occasion that though she did not often speak unnecessarily to Mr. Collins, she could not help but ask me him whether he intended to accept Mr. Bingley's invitation. And if he did, whether he would think it proper to join in the evening engagements. And she was out of surprise to find that he entertained to know scribble whatever on that head, and was very far from dreading every bug, either from the archbishop, on Lady Catherine de Bores by venturing to dance. I am by no means of the opinion. I assure you, said he, that a ball of this kind given by a young man of character to respectable people can have any evil tendency, and I am so far from objecting to dancing myself, that I shall hope to be honored with the hands of all my parents how they do the course of the evening. And I think the opportunity of soliciting yours, Mr. Elizabeth, for the first two dances especially, a preference which I trust my cousin Jane will attribute to the right cause and not to any disrespect for her. Elizabeth felt herself completely taken in. She's not fully pursuing seeing any great fun, Mr. Elizabeth come for those very dances, and having to make your comments instead, the liveliness had never been worst timed. There was no help for it, however. Mr. Whickham's happiness came for all. Whickham's wish to lay for the woman. Mr. Collins proposed a little accepted with as good a grace as she could. She was not the better pleased with his gallantry from the idea it suggested of something more. It now first struck her that she was selected from among her sisters as worthy of being mistress of hunts for percentage, and of assisting before an acquired real people at roadings in the absence of more eligible visitors. The idea soon reached to conviction as she observed his increasing civility toward herself and her desire to be able to attempt to complement on her with the new Vasude. And though more astonished than gratified herself by this effect of her charms, it was not long before her mother gave her to understand that the probability of their marriage will extremely agree about her. Elizabeth, however, did not choose to take the hint, being well aware that a serious dispute must be the concept of any reply. Mr. Collins might never make the offer, until he did, it was useless to quarrel about him. If there had not been another field ball to prepare for and talk of, the younger misspenets would have been in a very prettyable state at this time. For from the day of the invitation to the day of the ball, there was such a succession of great as prevented their walking to marry to once. No aunt, no officers, no news could be sought after. The very shoe roses for another field were got by proxy. Even Elizabeth might have found some trial of her patients in weather, which totally suspended the improvement of her acquaintance with Mr. Witton, and nothing less than the dance on Tuesday would have made such a Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, indorable to Kitty and Lydia. And of chapter 17. This is a Librevox recording. All Librevox recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer, please visit Librevox.org. Today is reading by Kara Schellenberg. www.kra.org. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. And 19. Chapter 18. Till Elizabeth entered the drawing room at Netherfield, and looked in vain for Mr. Witton, among the cluster of red coats there assembled. A doubt of his being present had never occurred to her. The certainty of meeting him had not been checked by any of those recollections that might not unreasonably have alarmed her. She had dressed with more than you would have here. And prepared in the highest spirits for the conquest of all that remained unsubbed in his heart. Trusting that it was not more than might be one in the course of the evening. But in an instant arose the dreadful suspicion of his being purposely omitted for Mr. Darsi's pleasure in the big liaison to the officers. And though this was not exactly the case, the absolute fact that his absence was pronounced by his friend Denny, to whom Lydia eagerly applied. And who told them that Witton had been obliged to go to town on business the day before, and was not yet returned. Adding with a significant smile. I do not imagine his business would have called him away just now, if he had not wanted to avoid a certain gentleman here. This part of his intelligence, though unheard by Lydia, was caught by Elizabeth. And as it assured her that Darsi was not less answerable for Witton's absence, than if her first surmise had been charged. Every feeling of this pleasure against the former was so sharpened by immediate disappointment that she could hardly reply with tolerable civility to the polite inquiries, which he directly afterwards approached to make. Attendance forbearance patients with Darsi was injury to Witton. She was resolved against any sort of conversation with him, and turned away with a degree of ill humor, which she could not wholly surmount, even in speaking to Mr. Dreaming, who was blind partiality for her. But Elizabeth was not formed for ill humor, and though every prospect of her own was destroyed for the evening, it could not dwell long on her spirit. And having told all her griefs to Charlotte Lucas, whom she had not seen for a week, she was soon able to make a voluntary transition to the oddities of her cousin, and to point him out to her particular notice. The first two dances however brought to return of distress, they were dances of mortification. Mr. Collins, awkward and solemn, apologizing instead of attending, and often moving wrong without being aware of it, gave her all the shards and misery, which a disagreeable part of her for a couple of dances can give. The moment of her release from him was ecstasy. She danced next with an officer, and had the refreshment of talking of Witton, and of hearing that he was universally liked. When those dances were over, she returned to Charlotte Lucas, and was in conversation with her when she found herself suddenly addressed by Mr. Darcy, who took her so much by surprise in his application for her hand that, without knowing what she did, she accepted him. He walked away again immediately, and she was left to fret over her own want of presence of mine. Charlotte tried to console her. I dare say you will find him very agreeable. Heaven forbid, that would be the greatest misfortune of all. Too fine to man agreeable, whom one is determined to hate. Do not wish me such an evil. When the dancing recommends, however, and Darcy approached to claim her hand, Charlotte could not help cautioning her in a whisper, not to be as simple as him, and allow her fancy for Witton to make her appear unpleasant in the eyes of a man ten times his consequence. Elizabeth made no answer, and took her place in the set, amazed at the dignity to which she was arrived and being allowed to stand opposite Mr. Darcy, and reading in her neighbor's looks, their equal amazement in beholding it. They stood for some time without speaking a word, and she began to imagine that their silence was to last through the two dances, and that first was resolved not to break it. Till suddenly fanciing that it would be the greater punishment to her partner to oblige him to talk, she made some slight observation on the dance. He replied, and was again silent. After a pause of some minutes, she addressed him a second time with, it is your turn to say something now Mr. Darcy. I talked about the dance, and you ought to make some sort of remark on the size of the room, or the number of couples. He smiled and assured her that whatever she wished him to say should be said. Very well, that reply will do for the present. Perhaps by and by, I'm a observed private balls are much pleasanter than public ones. But now we may silence. Do you talk by rule then? While you are dancing. Sometimes one must speak a little you know, it would look odd to be entirely silent for half an hour together. And yet for the advantage of some, on the same time. They may have the trouble of saying as little as possible. Are you consulting your own feelings in the present case? Or do you imagine that you are gratifying mine? Both, replied Elizabeth Archley. Before I have always seen a great similarity in the turn of our minds. We are each of an unsocial taciturn disposition. Unwilling to speak unless we expect to say something that will amaze the whole room, and be handed down to posterity with all the eclots of a proverb. This is no very striking resemblance of your own character. I'm sure. Said he, How near it may be to mine I cannot pretend to say, you think it a faithful portrait undoubtedly. I must not decide on my own performance. Oh, he made no answer. And they were again silent until they had gone down the dance. When he asked her if she and her sisters did not very often walk to Mary. She answered in the affirmative and unable to resist the temptation added. When you met us there the other day, we had just been forming a new acquaintance. The effect was immediate. A deeper shade of Hater overspread his features, but he said not a word. And Elizabeth, though blaming herself for her own weakness, could not go on. At length Darcy spoke and an constrained manner said, Mr. Wickham is blessed with such happy manners as may ensure his making friends. Whether he may be equally capable of repeating him is less certain. He has been so unlucky as to those your friendship, replied Elizabeth with emphasis. And in a manner which he is likely to suffer from all his life. Darcy made no answer and seemed desireless of changing the subject. At that moment Sir William Lucas appeared close to them, meaning to pass through the set to the other side of the room. But on perceiving Mr. Darcy, he stopped with a bow of superior courtesy to compliment him on his dancing and his partner. I have been most hearted, gratified indeed my dear Sir. Such very superior dancing is not often seen. It is evident that you will belong to the first circles. Now we can say however that your fair mind is not disgrace you and that I must hope to have this pleasure often repeated. Especially when a certain desirable event my dear Eliza blunting at her sister and Bingley. Shall take place. What congratulations will then flow in? I appeal to Mr. Darcy, but let me not interrupt Sir. You will not thank me for detaining you from the bewitching converse of that young lady whose bright eyes are also abrading me. The longer part of this address was especially heard by Darcy, but Sir William's allegiance to his friend seemed to strengthen forceably. And his eyes were directed with a very serious expression towards Bingley and Jane, who were dancing together. Recovering himself however shortly he turned to his partner and said, Sir William's interruption has made me forget what we were talking of. I do not think we were speaking at all. Sir William could not have interrupted two people in the room who had less to say for themselves. We have tried two or three subjects already without success. And what we are talking about next I cannot imagine. What thing do you have books? Said he is smiling. Book. Oh no. I am sure we never read the same or not with the same feelings. I am sorry you think so, but if that be the case, there can at least be no want of subject. We may compare our different opinions. No, I cannot talk of books in a ballroom. My head is always full of something else. The present always occupies you in such scenes, does it? Said he, with a look of doubt. Yes, always she replied, without knowing what she said, for her thoughts had wandered far from the subject. As soon afterwards appeared by her suddenly explaining, remember hearing you once said, Mr. Dazzi, that you hardly ever forgave, that your resentment once created was unappeasable. You are very cautious, I suppose, as to it's being created. I am, said he, with a firm voice. And never allow yourself to be blinded by prejudice. I hope not. It is particularly incumbent on those who never change their opinion, to be secure of judging properly at first. May I ask to what these questions tend? Immediately to the illustration of your character, said she, endeavoring to shake off her gravity. I am trying to make it out. And what is your success? She shook her head. I do not get on at all. I hear such a different accounts of you as puzzle me exceedingly. I can readily believe and so he gravely. That reports may vary greatly with respect to me, and I could wish, miss Bennett, that you were not to sketch my character at the present moment. As there is reason to fear that the performance would reflect no credit on either. But if I do not take your likeness now, I may never have another opportunity. I would by no means suspend any pleasure of yours. He called me, replied. She said no more, and they went down the other dance and parted in silence. And on each side, this satisfied, though not to an equal degree. For in Darcy's breast, there was a tolerable, powerful feeling towards her. She was so sure that her heart and directed all her anger against another. They had not long separated when Miss Bingley came towards her, and with an expression of civil this day, a constant her. So, Miss and I, I hear you are quite delighted with George Wickham. Your sister has been talking to me about him and asking me a thousand questions. And I find that the young man quite forgot to tell you, among his other communication, that he was the son of old Wickham, the late Mr. Darcy's steward. Let me recommend you, however, as a friend, not to give him implicit confidence to all his assertion. For as to Mr. Darcy's using him ill, it is perfectly false. For on the contrary, he has always been remarkably kind to him, though George Wickham has treated Mr. Darcy in a most infamous manner. I do not know the particulars, but I know very well that Mr. Darcy is not in the least to blame, that he cannot bear to hear George Wickham mentioned, and that though my brother thought that he could not well avoid including him in his invitation to the officers, he was excessively glad to find that he has taken himself out of the way. His coming into the country at all is the most insolent thing, indeed, and I wonder how he could presume to do it. I pity you, Mr. Liza, for this discovery of your favorite to guilt, but really, considering his descent one could not expect much better. His guilt and his descent appear by your account to be the same. Said he Elizabeth Angerly, for I have heard you accuse him of nothing worse than of being the son of Mr. Darcy's steward, and of that I can assure you, he informed me himself. I beg your pardon, replied Mr. Bingley, turning away with a smear. Excuse my interference, it was kindly meant. Insolent girl, that he was a bit to herself. You are much mistaken if you expect to influence me by such a poultry attack as this. I see nothing in it, but your own willful ignorance, Mr. Darcy. She then sought her eldest sister, who had undertaken to make inquiries on the same subject of Bingley. Jane met her with a smile of such sweet complacency, a glow of such happy expression, as sufficiently marked how well she was satisfied with the occurrences of the evening. Elizabeth instantly read her feelings, and at that moment, Elizabeth appeared for Wickham, recently against his enemies, and everything else, gave way before the hope of Jane's being embarrassed, way for happiness. I want to know, said she, what you have learned to not Mr. Wickham, but perhaps you have been too pleasantly engaged to think of any third person, in which case you may be sure of my pardon. No, reply Jane. I have not forgotten him, but I have nothing satisfactory to tell you. Mr. Bingley does not know the whole of his history, and is quite ignorant of the circumstances, which have principally offended Mr. Darcy, but he will vouch for the good conduct, the probity, and honor of his friend, and is perfectly convinced that Mr. Wickham has deserved much less attention from Mr. Darcy than he has received. And I am sorry to say, by his account, as well as his sisters, Mr. Wickham is, by no means, a respectable young man. I am afraid he has been very imprudent, and has deserved to lose Mr. Darcy's regard. Mr. Bingley does not know Mr. Wickham himself? Well, we never saw him till the other morning at Marathon. This account then is what he has received from Mr. Darcy. I am satisfied, but what does he say of the living? He does not exactly recollect the circumstances, though he has heard them from Mr. Darcy more than once, but he believes that it was left to him conditionally only. I have not adopted Mr. Bingley's sincerity, said he Elizabeth Wormley. But you must excuse my not being convinced by assurance is only. Mr. Bingley's defense of his friend was a very able one, I dare say. But since he is unacquainted with several parts of the story and has learned the rest from that friend himself, I shall venture to still think of both gentlemen as I did before. She then changed the discourse to one more gratifying to each, and on which there could be no difference of sentiment. Elizabeth listens with delight to the happy, though modest hopes which change every kind of thing means regard, and said all in her power to heighten her confidence in it. On their being joined by this livingly himself, he lives a path with Drew to Miss Lucas, to whose inquiry after the pleasantness of her last partner she had scarcely replied before Mr. Collins came up to them and told her with great exaltation that he had just been so fortunate as to make a most important discovery. I have found out, said he, by a singular accident that there is now in the room a near relation of my patroness. I happened to overhear the gentleman himself mentioning to the young lady who does the honors of the house. The names of his cousin, Mr. Bullard, and of her mother Lady Catherine. How wonderfully these sort of things occur, who would have thought of my meeting with perhaps a nephew of Lady Catherine DeBurg in this assembly? I am most thankful that the discovery is made in time for me to pay my respects to him, which I am now going to do, and trust he will excuse my not having done it before. My total ignorance of the connection must plead my apology. You are not going to introduce yourself to Mr. Darcy. Indeed I am. I shall entreat his part for not having done it earlier. I believe him to be Lady Catherine's nephew. It will be in my power to assure him that her lady ship was quite well yesterday's midnight. Elizabeth tried hard to dissuade him from such a scheme, assuring him that Mr. Darcy would consider his addressing him without introduction, as an important and freedom, rather than a compliment to his aunt, that it was not in the least necessary there should be any notice on either side, and that if it were, it must be long to Mr. Darcy, the superior in consequence, to begin the acquaintance. Mr. Collins, listening her with a determined air of following his own inclination, and when she ceased speaking, replied thus. My dear Miss Elizabeth, I have the highest opinion in the world in your excellent judgment in all matters within the scope of your understanding. But permit me to say that there must be a wide difference between the established forms of ceremony among the lit and those which regulate the clergy. For, given me the need to observe that I consider the clerical office as equal in point of dignity with the highest rank in the kingdom. Provided that a proper humility of behavior is at the same time maintained. You must therefore allow me to follow the dictates of my conscience on this occasion, which leads me to perform what I look on as a point of duty. Pardon me for neglecting to profit by your advice, which on every other subject shall be my constant guide. Though in the case before us, I consider myself more fitted by education and habitual studying to decide then a young lady like yourself. And with a low bow he left her to attack Mr. Darcy, whose reception of his advances she eagerly watched, and whose astonishment at being so addressed was very evident. Her cousin, preface in the suite with a solid bow, and though she could not hear a word of it, she felt as if hearing it all, and saw in the motion of his lips the words, Apology, Hunsburg, and Lady Catherine Gibberg. It vexed her to see him expose himself to such a man. Mr. Darcy was eyeing him like understained one-ders, and pointed at last Mr. Collins allowed him time to speak, replied with an air of distant civility. Mr. Collins, however, was not discouraged from speaking again, and Mr. Darcy's content seemed abundantly increasing with the length of his second speech, and at the end of it he only made him a slight bow and moved another way. Mr. Collins then returned to Elizabeth. I have no reason I assure you, said he, to be dissatisfied with my reception. Mr. Darcy seemed much pleased with your attention. He answered me with the utmost civility, and even paid me the compliment of saying that he was so welcome Vince to Lady Catherine's discernment, as to be certain she could never be still a favor unworthy. It was really a very handsome thought. Upon the whole, I am much pleased with him. As Elizabeth had no longer any interest of her own to pursue, she turned her attention almost entirely on her sister and Mr. Bingley, and the train of agreeable reflections which her observations gave birth to made her perhaps almost as happy as Jane. She saw her in ideas settled in that very house, in all the Felicity which a marriage of true affection could be stole, and she felt capable and her such circumstances, other than them, even to like Bingley's two sisters. Her mother's thoughts, between the saw, were against this in the way, and she literally did not venture near me. Last, she might hear too much. When they sat down to supper, therefore she considered it a most unlucky perverse in which placed them within one of each other, and deeply was she vaksed to find that her mother was talking to that one person, Lady Lucas. freely openly and of nothing else, but her expectation that Jane would soon be married to Mr. Bingley. It was an animating subject, and Mrs. Bennet seemed incapable of fatigue while numerating the advantages of the man. His being such a charming young man, and so rich, and living about three miles from them were the first points of self-graduation, and then it was such a comfort to think how fond the two sisters were of Jane, and to be certain that they must desire the connection as my she could for. It was more over a such a promising thing for her younger daughters, as Jane's marrying so greatly must throw them in the way of other rich men. And lastly, it was so pleasant at her time of life to be able to consign her single daughters to the care of their sister, that she might not be obliged to go into company more than she liked. It was necessary to make this circumstance a matter of pleasure, because on such occasions it is the etiquette. But no one was less likely than Mrs. Bennet to find comfort in staying home at any period of her life. She concluded with many good wishes that Lady Lucas might soon be equally fortunate, though evidently at triumphant, there was no chance of it. In vain did he las a bath endeavor to check the rapidity of her mother's words, or persuade her to describe her forlessly and a less audible whisper, for to re-inexplicable vexation she could perceive that the chief of it was overheard by Mr. Darcy, who sat opposite to them. Her mother only scolded her for being non-sensical. What is Mr. Darcy to me, pray, that I should be afraid of him? I am sure we owe him no such particular civility as to be obliged to say nothing he may not like to hear. For heaven's sake, Madam, speak lower. What advantage can it be for you to offend Mr. Darcy? You will never recommend yourself to his friend by so doing. Nothing that she could say, however, had any influence. Her mother would talk of her views in the same intelligible tone. He Elizabeth Blushed and Blushed again, Shane vexation. She could not help wickly glancing her eye at Mr. Darcy, though every glance convinced her of her who had read it for, though he was always laying out her mother. She was convinced that his attention was invariably fixed by her. The expression of his face changed gradually from indignant contempt to a composed and steady gravity. At length, however, Mrs. Bennett had no more to say, and Lady Lucas, who had been long yawning at the repetition of delights, which she saw no likelihood of sharing, was left to the comforts of cold ham and chicken. When was the batching album again to revive? But not long was the interval of tranquility, for when several was over singing was taught of them. And she had the mortification of seeing Mary after very little injury to her, preparing to oblige the company. By many significant looks on silent interviews that she endeavored to prevent such a proof of her places, but in vain Mary would not understand them. Such an opportunity of exhibiting was delightful to her, and she began her song. Elizabeth's eyes were fixed on her with most painful sensations, and she watched the press through several stands that have been very ill rewarded at their close. So Mary, on receiving amongst the thanks of the table, the hint of a hope that she might be prevailed onto favor-liming in, as to the cause of half a minute began another. Mary's powers were by no means fitted for such a display. Her voice was weak, and her manner affected. Elizabeth was in agonies. She looked at Jane to see how she bore it, but Jane was very compulsively talking to Bingley. She looked at his two sisters and saw them making signs of derision at each other, and at Darcy, who continued, however, imperturbably grave. She looked at her father to treat his interference, thus Mary should be singing on night. He took the hint, and if Mary had finished her second song, said aloud, that will do extremely well child. You have delighted us long enough. Let the other young ladies and gentlemen to exhibit. There, though pretending not to hear, was somewhat disconcerting. And Elizabeth, sorry for her and sorry for her father's speech, was afraid her anxiety had done no good. Others of the party were now applied to. If I, said Mr. Collins, were so fortunate as to be able to sing, I should have great pleasure I am sure in a bludging the company with an air, for I consider music as a very innocent diversion, and perfectly compatible with the profession of a clergyman. I do not mean, however, to assert that we can be justified in devoting too much of our time to music, for there are certainly other things to be attended to. The rector of a parish has much to do. In the first place, he must make such an agreement for tives, as maybe beneficial to himself, and not offensive to his patron. He must write his own sermons, and the time that remains will not be too much for his parish duties, and the care and improvement of his dwelling, which he cannot be excused for making as comfortable as possible. And as you've got to think that in the light of the day, I usually have a can do that. I like the day manner towards everybody, especially towards those to whom he owes his performance. I cannot acquit him of that duty, nor could I think well of the man who should emit an occasion of testifying his respect towards anybody connected with the family. And with a bow to Mr. Darcy, he concluded his speech, which had been spoken so loud as to be heard by half the room. Many stared. Many smiled, but no one looked more amused than Mr. Bennett himself. While his wife seriously commended Mr. Collins for having spoken so sensibly, and observed in a half whisper to Lady Lucas that he was a remarkably clever, good kind of young man. Two illegal baths appeared that had the family made and agreed to. Exposed themselves as much as they could during the evening. It would have been impossible for the partner parts with more spirit or finer success. And happy that she thanked it for being me and her sister, that some of the exhibition had escaped his notice. And that I feel that we're not of a sport to be much distressed by the folly which he must have witnessed. That his two sisters and Mr. Darcy, however, should have such an opportunity of ridiculing her relations was bad enough, and she could not determine whether the silent contempt of the gentleman, or the insulant smiles of the ladies were more intolerable. The rest of the evening brought her little amusement. She was teased by Mr. Collins, who continued most perseveringly by her side, and though he could not prevail on her to dance with him again, put it out of her power to dance with others. In re-indigee and treatment, to stand up as somebody else, and also to introduce him to any young lady in her home. He assured more that as to dancing, he was perfectly indifferent to it. That his chief object was by delicate attentions to recommend himself to her, and that he should therefore make a point of remaining close to her the whole evening. There was no arguing upon such a project. She owed her greatest relief to the three ex-lipers, who often joined them, and, good naturedly, engaged Mr. Collins' conversation to herself. She was at least free from the offence of Mr. Darcy's further notice, though often standing within a very short distance of her quite disengaged, who never came near enough to speak. She felt it to be the probable consequence of her illusions to Mr. Wickham, and rejoiced in it. The long-born party were the last of all accompanied to depart, and by a maneuver of Mrs. Bennett had to wait for their carriage a quarter of an hour after everybody else was gone, which gave them time to see how hard her face was to wish me by some of the family. Mrs. Hurst and her sisters scarcely opened their mouths, except to complain to the police, and were evidently impatient to have the house to themselves. They repulsed every attempt of Mrs. Bennett at conversation, and by so doing through a langer over the whole party, which was very little relief by the long speeches of Mr. Collins, who was confident in Mr. Bailey and his sisters on the elegance of their entertainment and the hospitality and politeness which had marked their behavior to their guests. Darcy said nothing at all. Mr. Bennett in equal silence was enjoying the scene. Mr. Bingley and Jane were standing together, a little detached from the rest, and talked only to each other. He was a bath preserve to a steady silence as either Mrs. Hurst or Miss Bingley, and even Lydia was too much fatigued to utter more than the occasional exclamation of Lord, how tired I am, accompanied by a violent yon. When at length they arose to take leave, Mrs. Bennett was most pressingly civil in her hope of seeing the whole family soon at long-born, and addressed herself especially to Mr. Bingley, to assure him how happy he would make them by eating a family dinner with them at any time, without the ceremony of a formal invitation. Dingley was all grateful pleasure, and he readily engaged for taking the earliest opportunity of waiting on her after his return from London, whether he was obliged to go the next day for a short time. Mrs. Bennett was perfectly satisfied, and which of the house under the delightful persuasion that allowing for the necessary preparations of settlements, new carriages, and wedding clothes. She should undoubtedly see her daughter settled at netted field in the course of three or four months. Of having another daughter married to Mr. Cullin, she thought with equal certainty, and with considerable, though not equal pleasure. Eva's a bath was the least dear to her of all her children, and though the man and the match were quite good enough for her, the worth of each was eclipsed by Mr. Bingley and Netherfield. And of chapter 18. Chapter 19 Mr. Collins made his declaration in form. Having resolved to do it without loss of time, as his leave of absence extended only to the following Saturday, and having no feelings of dividends to make it distressing to himself even at the moment. He said about it in a very orderly manner, with all the observances which he supposed to regular part of the business. On finding Mrs. Bennett, Eva's a bath, and one of the younger girls together, soon after breakfast, he addressed the mother in these words. May I hope, madam, for your interest, with your fair daughter, Eva's a bath, when I solicit for the honor of a private audience with her in the course of this morning. Before Elizabeth had time for anything but a blush of surprise, Mrs. Bennett answered instantly. Oh dear, yes, certainly. I am sure Lizzie will be very happy. I am sure she can have no objection. Come, kitty, I want you upstairs. And gathering her work together, she was hastening away, when Elizabeth called out. Dear, madam, do not go. I beg you will not go. Mr. Collins must excuse me. He can have nothing to say to me that anybody need not here. I am going away myself. No, no, nonsense, Lizzie. I desire you to stay where you are. And upon Elizabeth's seating really, with a vexed and embarrassed gloves, about to escape. She added, Lizzie, I insist upon your staying and hearing Mr. Collins. Elizabeth would not oppose such an injunction, and a moment's consideration making her also sensible, but it would be wisest to get it over as soon and as quietly as possible. She sat down again and tried to conceal by incessant employment, the feelings which were divided between distress and diversion. Mrs. Bennett and Kitty walked off, and as soon as they were gone, Mr. Collins began. Believe me, my dear, Miss Elizabeth, that you're modestly so far from doing you any diservice, rather adds to your other perfections. You would have been less amiable in my eyes, had there not been this little unwillingness, but allow me to assure you that I have your respected mother's permission for this address. You can hardly doubt the purport of my discourse. However, you are a natural delicacy and need you to disemble, my attentions have been too marked to be mistaken. Almost as soon as I entered the house, I singled you out as the companion of my future life. But before I am run away with by my feelings on this subject, perhaps it would be advisable for me to stake my reason for marrying, and moreover for coming into her furniture with the design of selecting a wife as I certainly did. The idea of Mr. Collins, with all his solemn composure being run away with by his feelings, made Elizabeth so near laughing that she could not use the short pause he allowed in any attempt to stop him further, and he continued. My reasons for marrying are first, that I think that a right thing for every clergyman in easy circumstances like myself, to set the example of matrimony in his parish. Secondly, that I am convinced that it will add very greatly to my happiness, and thirdly, which perhaps I ought to have mentioned earlier, that it is the particular advice and recommendation of the very noble lady whom I have the honor of calling patroness. Twice, has she condescended to give me her opinion? Unasked, too, on this subject, and it was but the very Saturday night before I left Hansford, between our pools at quadril. While Mrs. Jenkinson was arranging Mr. Vora's footstool that she said, Mr. Collins, you must marry. A clergyman like you must marry. Choose properly, choose a gentle woman for my sake, and for your own let her be an active, useful sort of person, not brought up high, but able to make a small income go good way. This is my advice. Find such a woman as soon as you can, bring her to Hansford and I will visit her. Allow me by the way to observe my fair cousin that I do not reckon the notice and kindness of Lady Catherine de Burg as among the least of the advantages in my power to offer. You will find her manners beyond anything I can describe, and your wit and vivacity, I think, must be acceptable to her, especially when tempered with the silence and respect, which her rank will inevitably excite. Thus much for my general intention and favor of natural men, it remains to be told why my views were directed towards Longborn instead of my own neighborhood, where I can assure you there are many amiable young women. But the fact is that being as I am to inherit this estate after the death of your honored father, who, however, may live many years longer. I could not satisfy myself without resolving to choose a wife from among his daughters, that the loss to them might be as little as possible when the melancholy event takes place, which, however, as I have already said, may not be for several years. This has been my motive, my fair cousin, and I flatter myself it will not sink me in your esteem. And now nothing remains but for me to assure you in the most animated language of the violence of my affection. To fortune I am perfectly indifferent and shall make no demand of that nature on your father, since I am well aware that it could not be complied with, and that £1,000 in the 4 percent which will not be yours till after your mother's disease is all that you may ever be entitled on that head therefore. I shall be uniformly silent, and you may assure yourself that no ungenerous reproach shall ever pass my lips when we are married. It was absolutely necessary to interrupt him now. You are too hasty, sir, she cried. You forget that I have made no answer. Let me do it without further loss of the time. Accept my thanks for the compliment you are paying me. I am very sensible of the honor of your proposals, but it is impossible for me to do otherwise then to decline them. I am not now to learn, replied Mr. Collins with a formal wave of the hand. That it is usual with young ladies to reject the addresses of the man whom they secretly mean to accept. When he applies for their favor, and that sometimes the refusal is repeated a second or even a third time. I am therefore by no means discouraged by what you have just said, and shall hope to lead you to the altar heirlong. Upon my words, sir, cried Elizabeth. Your hope is a rather extraordinary one after my declaration. I do assure you that I am not one of those young ladies, if such young ladies there are, who are so daring as to risk their happiness on the chance of being asked the second time. I am perfectly serious in my refusal. You could not make me happy. And I am convinced that I am the last woman in the world with the next move so. May, where your friend Lady Catherine to know me, I am persuaded she would find me in every respect. It'll qualify for the situation. Were it certain that Lady Catherine would think so? Said Mr. Collins very gravely. But I cannot imagine that her Lady Ship would at all this approve of you, and you may be certain when I have the honor of seeing her again. I shall speak in the very highest terms of your modesty, economy, and other amiable qualifications. Indeed, Mr. Collins all praise of me will be unnecessary. You must give me leave to judge for myself and pay me the compliment of believing what I say. I wish you very happy and very rich, and by refusing your hand, you all in my power to prevent your being otherwise. In making me the offer, you must have satisfied the delicacy of your feelings with regard to my family, and may take possession of long-born estate whenever it falls, without any self-reproach. This matter may be considered, therefore, as finally settled. And rising as she thus spoke, she would have quit the room. Head Mr. Collins not thus addressed her. When I do myself the honor of speaking to the next-hand subject, I shall hope to receive a more favorable answer you have now given me. Though I am far from accusing you of cruelty at present, because I know it to be the established custom of your sex to reject a man on the first application. And perhaps you have even now said as much to encourage my suit as would be consistent with the true delicacy of the female character. Really Mr. Collins, cried in the same form. You puzzle me exceedingly. If what I have hitherto said can appear to you in the form of encouragement, I know not how to express my refusal in such a way as to convince you of its being one. You must give me leave to flatter myself my dear cousin that your refusal is merely words of course. My reasons for believing in our briefly means it does not appear to be that my hand is unworthy your acceptance, or that the establishment I can offer would be any other than highly desirable. My situation in life, my connections with the family of DeBorne, and my relationship to your own, our circumstances highly in my favor, and you should take it into further consideration that in spite of your manifold attractions, it is by no means certain that another offer of marriage may ever be made of. Your portion is unhappy so small that it will in all likelihood undo the effects of your loveliness and amiable qualifications. As I must therefore conclude that you are not serious in your rejection of me, I shall choose to attribute it to your wish of increasing my love by suspense. According to the usual practice of elegant females, I do assure you, sir, that I have no pretensions, whatever, to that kind of elegance, which consists in tormenting a respectable man. I would rather be paid the compliment of being believed sincere. I thank you again and again for the honor you have done me in your proposals, but to accept them is absolutely impossible. My feelings in every respect forbid it. Can I speak a planer? Do not consider me now as an elegant female, intending to play a few, but as a rational creature speaking the truth from her heart. You are uniformly charming, cried he, with an air of awkward garantry. And I am persuaded that when sanctioned by the express authority of both your excellent parents, my proposals were not fail of being acceptable. To such person's words in the will for self-deception, you miserable would make no reply, and immediately and in silence with Drew. Determined, if he persisted in considering her painted her fuzzles as fluttering in courage, to apply to her father, whose negative might be uttered in such a manner as to be decisive, and whose behavior at least could not be mistaken for the affectation and co-category of an elegant female. End of chapter 19. Recorded on November 6, 2005, in August of July, this is a Librevox recording. All Librevox recordings are in the same of the domain of the more information, and to find out how you can volunteer, please visit Librevox.org. Recording by Elizabeth Shields, pride and prejudice by Jane Austen, chapter 20. Mr Collins was not left long to the silent contemplation of his successful love from Mrs Bennett, having dalled about in the vestibuoto watch for the end of the conference. No sooner saw Elizabeth open the door, and with quick steps past her towards the staircase, then she entered the breakfast room, and congratulated both him and herself in warm terms on the happy prospect of their nearer connection. Mr Collins received and returned these felicitations with equal pleasure, and then proceeded to relate the particulars of their interview, with the result of which he trusted he had every reason to be satisfied, since the refusal which his cousin had steadfastly given him, would naturally flow from her bashful modesty and then genuine delicacy of her character. This information, however, startled Mrs Bennett. She would have been glad to be equally satisfied that her daughter had meant to encourage him by protesting against his proposals, but she dared not to believe it, and she could not help saying so. But to pin upon it, Mr Collins, she added, that Lizzy shall be brought to reason. I will speak to her about it myself directly. She is a very headstrong, and I will make her know it. Pardon me for interrupting you, Madam. Crying to Collins, but if she is really headstrong and foolish, I know not whether she would all together be a very desirable wife to amand in my situation, who naturally looks for happiness in the marriage state. If, therefore, she actually persists in rejecting my suit, perhaps it would better not to force her into acceptable. She could not contribute much to my felicity. So, quite misunderstood, me. Lizzy is only headstrong in such matters as these. In everything else, she is as good nature to girl as a perluent. I will go directly to Mr Bennett, and we shall very soon settle it with her, I am sure. She would not give him time to reply, but herring instigated her husband, called out as she entered the library. Oh, Mr Bennett! I wanted an idea, yeah. We are all all up all. I must come and make Lizzy marry Mr Collins. For she vows, she will not have him, and if you do not make haste, he will change his mind and not have her. And fix the man her face with a calm, unconcern, which was not in the least altered by her communication. I have not the pleasure of understanding you, said he, when she had finished her speech. Of what are you talking? Of Mr Collins and Lizzy. Lizzy declares she will not have Mr Collins, and Mr Collins begins to say that he will not have Lizzy. And what am I to do on this occasion? I will see the hopelessness. Speak to Lizzy about it yourself. Tell her that you will sister point her marry him. Let her be called down. She shall hear my voice. Mrs Bennett rang the bell, and Miss Elizabeth was summoned to the library. Come here, child. Better father as she appeared. I have sent for you on an affair of importance. I understand that Mr Collins has made you an offer of marriage. Is it true? It was met through time that it was. Very well, and this offer of marriage you have refused. I have. Very well, we now come to the point. Your mother insists upon your accepting it. Is it not so Mrs Bennett? Yes, what I will never see her again. And on a happy alternative, it's before you, Elizabeth. From this day you must be a stranger to one of your parents. Your mother will never see you again if you do not marry Mr Collins, and I will never see you again if you do. Elizabeth could not but smile at such a conclusion of such a beginning, but Mrs Bennett, who had persuaded herself that her husband regarded the affair as she wished was excessively disappointed. What do you mean, Mr Bennett, why talking in this way? You promised me to insist upon her marrying them. My dear, replied her husband. I have two small favors to request. First, that you will allow me the free use of my understanding on the present occasion. And secondly, of my room, I shall be glad to have the library to myself as soon as maybe. Not yet, however, in spite of her disappointment in her husband, didn't Mrs Bennett give up the point. She talked to Elizabeth again and again, coaxed and threatened her by turns. She endeavoured to see her, and her interest, but she, possible mildness, declined interfering, and Elizabeth sometimes with real earnestness, and sometimes with playful gaity, replied to her attacks. Though her manner varied, however, her determination never did. Mr Collins' mean was meditating in solitude on what had passed. He thought too well of himself to comprehend on what motive his cousin could refuse him, and though his pride was hurt, he suffered in no other way. His regard for her was quite imaginary, and the possibility of her deserving her mother's reproach prevented his feeling any regret. While the family were in this confusion, Charlotte Lucas came to spend the day with them. She was met in the vestibule by Lydia, flying to her, cried in a half whisper, I am glad you'll come, for there is such fun here. What do you think has happened this morning? Mr Collins has made an offer to Lizzy, and she will not have him. Charlotte had hardly time to answer before they were joined by Kitty, who came to tell the same news. And no sooner had they entered the breakfast room, where Mrs Bennett was alone, then she likewise began on the subject, calling on Miss Lucas for her compassion, and in treating her to persuade her friend Lizzy to comply with the wish of her family. Pray to my dear Miss Lucas, she added in a melon-cholentone. For nobody is on my side, nobody takes part with me. I am truly used. Nobody feels for my porner's. Charlotte's reply was spared by the entrance of Jane and Elizabeth. I, there she comes. Continue, Mrs Bennett. Look, look at us, I'm concerned, as maybe. There you go, more for us than if we were a joke. Provided she could have her own way. But I tell you what, Miss Lizzy, if you take it into your head to go on refusing a real hard marriage in this way, you will never get a husband at all. And I will show I do not know, but Mr Maintain you when your father is dead. I shall not be able to keep you, and so I won't you. I have done with you from this very day. I told you in the library who know that I should never speak to you again. And you will find me as well as my one. I have no pleasure talking to a beautiful children. Not that I have much pleasure indeed, I'm talking to anybody. The people who suffer as I do, the more the same things, can have no great inclination for talking. Nobody can tell what I suffer. But it is always so. Those who do not complain, I'll never pity. Her daughter is listened in silence to this effusion, sensible that any attempt to reason with or sue her, would only increase the irritation. She talked on therefore without a corruption for any of them, till they were joined by Mr Collins. We entered with an error more stately than Mr Collins. And on perceiving whom, she said to the girls, Now I do insist upon it that you, all of you, hold your tongues, and let Mr Collins admit that we have a little conversation together. Elizabeth asked why he had gone? Jane and Kitty followed, but Lydia stood her ground to turn into her or she could, and Charlotte, detained first by the facility of Mr Collins, whose inquiries after herself and all her family were very minimal, and then by a little curiosity, satisfied herself before talking to the window in between. In a dull voice, Mrs Bennett thus began the projected conversation. Mr Collins, my dear madam, replied he, Let us be in for better silence on this point. Far be it for me, he presently continued, in a voice that marked his displeasure, present the behavior of your daughter. Resignation to inevitable evils is the duty of us all. The peculiar duty of a young man, who has been so fortunate, as I have been, in early, preferment, and I trust I am resigned. Perhaps, the not less so, from feeling adult, to my positive happiness, had my cousin honoured me with her hand. For I have often observed that resignation is never so perfect, as when the blessing denied begins to lose somewhat of its value in our estimation. He will not, I hope, consider me as showing any disrespect to your family. Am I dear madam? By thus withdrawing my pretensions to your daughter's favor, without having paid yourself and misrevent it, the compliment of requesting you to impose your authority in my behalf. My condoled man, I fear, be objectionable in having accepted my decision from your daughter's lips instead of your own. But we are all liable to error. I have certainly meant well through the whole affair. My object has been to secure an amiable companion for myself, with due consideration for the advantage of old your family. And if my manner has been at all reprehensible, I hear a big leave to apologise. End of chapter 20. This is a Librevox recording. Only Brevox recordings are allowed to lean. For more information on that. Please visit Librevox.org. We are the quick ones. It's shields. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 21. The discussion of Mr. Collins' office was now nearly at an end, and Elizabeth had only to suffer from the uncomfortable feelings necessarily attending it, and occasionally from some people who are not as for the gentleman himself, his feelings were chiefly expressed, not by embarrassment or rejection, or by trying to avoid her. But by stiffness of manner and resentful silence. He scarcely ever spoke to her, and the residuals of tensions were chiefly and so sensed to love himself, were transferred for the rest of the day to Miss Lucas. Her civility in Miss Victorian was a seasonable relief to the Mall, and especially to her friend. The Moro produced no big hit of Mrs. Bennett's, or in La. Mr. Collins was also in the same state of anger pride. A-a-a-a-a-a-a! Elizabeth had hoped that his resentment might shorten his visit. But his plan did not appear in the least effected by it. He was always to have gone on Saturday, and to Saturday, he still must stay. After breakfast, the girls walked to Meriton, to inquire if Mr. Wickham were returned, and to lament over his absence from the Netherfield ball. He joined them on their entering the town. And attended them to their aunts, where his regret and vexation, and the concern of everybody, were well talked over. To Elizabeth, however, he voluntarily acknowledged that the necessity of his absence had been self-imposed. I found, said he, as the time drew a little, that I had better not meet Mr. Darcy, that to be in the same room, the same party with him, for so many hours together, might be more than I could bear, and that scenes might arise unpleasant to more than myself. She highly appealed to his forebearance, and they had led her through full discussion of it, and for all the commendation which they severely bestowed on each other, as Wickham and another officer walked back with them to Longborn, and during the walk, he particularly attended to her. His accompanying them was a double advantage. She felt all the complimented offered to herself, and it was most acceptable as an occasion of introducing him to her father and mother. Soon after their return, a letter was delivered to Miss Bennett. It came from Netherfield and was opened immediately. The envelope contained a sheer neglect. Well, to make his fair flowing hand, and Elizabeth saw her sister's countenance change as she read it, and saw her dwelling intent around some particular passages. Jane recollected herself soon, and putting the letter away, tried to join with her usual cheerfulness in the general conversation, but Elizabeth felt an anxiety on the subject which drew her to her. Then a glance from Jane invited her to follow her upstairs. When the head came for, Jane taking out her letter, said, and this is from Caroline Dingley, or did containers are surprised to me, the wall party have left another field by this time, and are on their way to town, and without any intention of coming back again, you shall hear what she says. She then read the first sentence aloud, which comprised the information of their having just resolved to follow their brother to town directly, and of their meaning to die in that day in Grovener Street, where Mr. Hurst had a house. The next was in his voice. I do not pretend to regret anything I shall leave in Hartfordshire, except for her society, my dear friend. But we will help, I shall have to return. I shall have many returns of that delightful intercourse we have known, and in the meanwhile, may lessen the pain of separation, by a very frequent and most unreserved correspondence, I depend on you for that. To these high-flown expressions, Elizabeth listened with all the insensibility of distrust, and though the suddenness of the enormous surprise, she saw nothing in it really to lament. It was not to be supposed that their absence from Netherfield would prevent Mr. Bingley's being there, and as to the loss of their society, she was persuaded that Jane Masoon ceased to regard it in the introverted years. It is unlucky, said she, after a short pause, that you should not be able to see your friends before they leave the country, but may we not hope that the period of future happiness. To which Ms. Bingley looks forward, may arrive earlier than she is aware, and that the delightful intercourse you have known is friends, the renewed with yet greater satisfaction as this time. Mr. Bingley will not be the kind of immortal writer, Caroline decidedly says that none of the party will return into heart for sure this winter. I will read it to you. When my brother left us yesterday, in the midst of the business which all interworld are not particularly important, is we of four days. But as we are certain, it cannot be so, and at the same time, convinced that when Charles gets to town, he will be in no hurry to leave it again. We have determined on following him, the other. The team may not be obliged to spend his vacant hours in a comfortless. I wish I could hear that you, my dearest friend, had any intention of making one in the crowd, but of that I despair. I sincerely hope your Christmas in heart for sure may abound in the gateys which that season generally brings, and a threat your bow will be sent. Mr. Prevent your feeding balls. It is evident by this, at a time. That he comes back no more this winter. It is only evident that Nespengly does not mean he should. Why do you think so? It must be his own doing. He is his own master. But you do not know. I will need you the passage which particularly I will have no results for you. Mr. Dorsey is impatient to see his sister, and to confess the truth, we are scarcely less eager to meet her again. I really do think George R. Dorsey has her equal for beauty and the girl's image. And the affection she inspires in Louisia and myself, is heightened into something still more interesting, from the hope we dare to entertain of her being here after our sister. I do not know whether I ever before mentioned to whom I feel as a person. But I would not leave the country without you, and I trust you will not esteem them unreasonable. My brother greatly admires her already. He will have frequent opportunity now. Relations always the connection as much as his owner, and a sister's partiality is not misleading. When I pulled Charles a nurse to keep a vacation to anyone's home, he's going to be a circumstances to favor an attachment, indulging the hope of an event which will secure the happiness of so many. What do you think you of this sentence, my dear Lizzy? Said Jane, as she finished it. Is it not clear enough? Does it not expressly declare that Caroline neither expects nor wishes me to be her sister? That she is perfectly convinced of our brothers in difference, and that if she suspects the nature of my feelings for him, she means most kindly to put me on my go. Can there be any other opinion on the subject? Yes, there can. For mine is totally different. Will you hear it? Mist willingly. You shall have it in a few words. Miss Bingley sees that her brother is in love with you, and wants to marry the stops. She follows him to town, and will keep you there. I'm trying to persuade you that you deserve to hear about her too. Jane, sugarhead. Indeed Jane, you ought to believe me? No one who has ever seen you together can doubt us. Miss Bingley, I am sure cannot. She is not such a simple to me. Could she have seen half as much love in Mr. Darcy for herself? She would have ordered her wedding clothes. But the case is this. We are not rich enough or a grand enough for them, and she is the more anxious to get Mr. Darcy far brother from the notion that when there has been one intermarriage, she may have less trouble in achieving a second, in which there is certainly some ingenuity, and I dare say it would succeed if Mr. Berigwout of the way. But my dearest Jane, you cannot seriously imagine that because Miss Bingley tells you her brother greatly admires Miss Darcy, he is in the smallest, great less sensible of your merit, and when he took leave a view on Tuesday, or that it would be in her power to persuade him, I didn't step in being in love with you. He is very much in love with her friend. If we thought like of Miss Bingley, replied Jane, her representation will this might make me quite easy, but I know the foundation is unjust. Caroline is incapable of wulfillied deceiving anyone, and all that I can hope for in this case, is that she is deceived herself. That is right. You could not have stated a more happy idea since you were not here. Believe her to be deceived by all means, you have now done your duty by her and must fret no longer. But my dearest sister, can I be happy even supposing the best, in accepting a man whose sisters and friends are all wishing him to marry a swear? You must decide for yourself, set a list of it, and if upon the trod to the Berigwout, you find that the misery of disablaging his two sisters is more than equivalent to the happiness of being his wife, my advisor by all means, you are confusing. How can you talk so? Say Jane, faithless my life. You must know that the thrash of the two sisters have earned their disarperation. I could not hesitate. I did not think you would, and that being the case, I cannot consider your situation with much compassion. But if he returns no more this winter, my choice will never be required. A thousand things may arise in six months. The idea of his returning no more, Elizabeth triggered with the utmost content. It appeared to her merely the suggestion of Caroline's interest at wishes, and she could not for a moment suppose that those wishes, however openly or artfully spoken, could influence a young man so totally independent of everyone. She represented her sister as forcibly as possible what she felt on the subject, and had soon the pleasure of seeing its happy effect. Jane's temper was not despondent, and she was gradually led to hope. Though the dividends of affection sometimes overcame the hope, that Bingley would return to another field and answer every wish of her heart. They agreed that Mrs. Bench should only hear partial family, without being alarmed on the score of the gentleman's conduct. But even this partial communication gave her a great deal of concern. And she bewildered it as exceedingly all the things that the ladies should have been to go away, just as they were all getting so intimate together. After lamenting it, however, at some length, she had the consolation of thinking Mr. Bingley would be soon down again, and soon dining at Long Ball. And the conclusion of all was the comfortable decoration that there had been invited only to a family dinner. She would take care to have two full courses. End of chapter 21. Chapter 22. The benets were engaged to dying with the locuses, and again during the chief of the day was Ms. Lucas so calm and stood as soon as Mr. Collins Elizabeth took an opportunity of thanking her. It keeps him in good humor, said she, shared her friend of her satisfaction in being useful, and that it amply repaid her for the little sacrifice of her time. This was very unique, but Charlotte's come with extended father than Elizabeth had any conception of. Its object was nothing less than to secure her from any return of Mr. Collins' dresses by engaging her towards her. Such a person who could succeed. And appearances were so favorable that when they parted. Success if he had not been leaving heart for sure so very soon. But here she did an injustice to the fire of the independence of the scarlet. For it led him to escape at Long Ball House, the next morning had a little silence that he sent to Lucas for all which to throw himself at her feet. He was anxious to avoid the notice of his cousins, from a conviction that if they saw him depart, they could not fail to conjecture his design, and he was not willing to have the attempt to know until its success could be known likewise, for the feeling almost secure, and with reason, for Charlotte had been tolerably encouraging, he was comparatively difficult since the eventual Wednesday. His reception, however, was of the most flattering kind. Miss Lucas perceived him from an upper window as he walked towards the house, and instantly set out to meet him accidentally in the lane. But little had she dared to hope that so much love and elephants awaited her there. In as short a time as Mr. Collins's long speeches would allow, everything was settled between them to the satisfaction of both, and as they entered the house, he earnestly entrusted her to name the day that was to make him the happiest men. And there's such a solicitation must be waived for the present, the lady felt no inclination to trifle with his happiness. The stupidity with which he was favored by nature must guard his courtship from any child that could make a woman wish for his continuance. And Miss Lucas, who accepted him solely from the pure and disinterested desire of an astonishing care-not-house and a past-evident working. So William and Lady Lucas were speed-led by the judge for their consent, and it must be still with the most joyful lacquerity. Mr. Collins' present circumstances made it a most eligible match for their daughter, to whom they could give beautiful sheep and his prospects to future wealth were exceeding the same. Lady Lucas began directly to calculate, with more interest than the matter had ever excite in before, how many years longer Mr. Bennett was likely to live. And Sir William gave it as his decided opinion that whenever Mr. Collins should be in possession of the long-born estate, it would be highly expedient that with he and his wife should make their appearance at St. James. The whole family, in short, were properly overjoyed on the occasion. The younger girls formed hopes of coming out a year or two sooner than they might otherwise have done. And the boys were relieved from their apprehension of Charlotte's dying pain-made. Charlotte herself was taller at the contest. She had gained her point and had time to consider of it. Her reflections were in general satisfactory, Mr. Collins to be sure. The younger sense of her. His society was her concern, and his attachment to her must be imaginary. But still, he would be her husband. Without thinking highly, I don't have men or a matrimon. Now, it had always been her opportunity. It was the only honorable provision for well-educated young women of small fortune. And however uncertain of giving happiness must be their pleasantest preservative from want. This preservative she had now obtained, and at the age of 27, without having ever been handsome, she felt all the good luck of it. The least agreeable circumstance in the business was the surprise at most occasion to an Isabelle Fennel, whose friendship she valent to be on that of any other person. Elizabeth worked and taught her the pain her. And though her resolution was not to be shaken, her feelings must be hurt by such disarputation. She resigned to give her the information herself, and therefore charged Mr. Collins, when he returned to long-born to dinner, to drop new hint of what had passed before any of the family. Upon some secrecy it was of course very doodily given, but it could not be kept without difficulty. For the curiosity excited by his long absence, first full, and such a very direct question on his return as required some intrusive attitude to living. And he was at the same time exercising great self-denial, for he was longing to publish his prosperous love. As he was to begin his journey early on the morrow to see any of the family, the ceremony of leave taking was performed when the ladies moved for the night, and his sentence was great polite and cordiality, said how happy he should be to see him at long-born again, whenever his other engagements might allow him to visit them. My dear madam, he replied, this invitation is particularly gratifying, because it is what I have been hoping to receive. Do you maybe very certain that I should have been the advice that I have had with this person? They were all astonished and Mr. Bennett, who could buy no means which for so speedy or return, immediately said, but is there not danger of Lady Catherine's disarparation? You have been neglecting relations than run the risk of offending a patchless? My dear sir, we applied Mr. Collins. I am particularly obliged to you for this friendly caution, and you may depend upon my not taking pleasure, and I am merely a ship's come close. You cannot be too much on your guard. Risk anything rather than her displeasure, and if you find it likely to be raised by your coming to us again, which I should think exceedingly powerful, stay quietly at home and be satisfied that we shall take no offense. Believe me, my dear sir, my gratitude is warmly excited by such affection at attention, and depend upon it you will speedily receive from the a letter of thanks for this as well as for every other mark of your regard during my stay in Hartfordshire. As for my fair cousins, though my absence may not be long enough to render it necessary, I shall take the liberty of wishing them health and happiness, not accepting my cousin Elizabeth. With proper civility is the ladies then with Drew. All of them equally surprised to find that he meditated a quick return. Mrs. Bennett wished understand by it, that he thought of paying his addresses to more to bring up her. And married. Accept him. She rated his abilities much higher than any of the others. There was a solidity in his reflections which often struck her, and though by no means so clever as herself, she thought that if encouraged to read an improved self by such an example of his service, he might become a very agreeable companion. But on the following morning, every hope of this kind was done away. Ms. Lucas called soon after breakfast, and in a private conference with Elizabeth, related the event of the day before. The possibility of Mr. Collins found seeing himself in love with a friend and once occurred to Elizabeth within the last day. But the child could encourage him, seemed almost as far from possibility. As that she could encourage him herself, and her astonishment was consequently so great, as to overcome at first the bounds of the form. I should stop crying out. And gauge to Mr. Collins by do a short possible. The steady countenance which Ms. Lucas had commanded in telling her story gave way to a momentary confusion here on receiving Sir Direct of a Pro. Though as it was no more than she expected, she soon regained her composure, and calmly replied, why should you be surprised my dear Eliza? Do you think it's incredible that Mr. Collins should be able to do that? Because he was not so happy to be here. Elizabeth had now recollected herself, and making a strong effort for it, was able to assure her with tolerable firmness that the prospect of their relationship was highly grateful to her, and that she wished her all imaginable happiness. I see what you were feeling, a prior child. You must be surprised, very much surprised. So lately, as Mr. Collins was wishing, between you have time to think it all in, I hope you can be satisfied with what I said. I never was. I ask only a comfortable home, and considering Mr. Collins's character, connections, in situation in life, I am convinced that my chance of happiness with him is as fair as most people proposed on entering the marriage state. Elizabeth quietly answered, undoubtedly, and after an awkward pause, they returned to the rest of the family. Charlotte did not stay much longer, and Elizabeth has very much left to reflect on what she did her. It was a long time before she became at all reconciled to the idea of so unsuitable a match. The strangeness of Mr. Collins making too often as a marriage within three days, was nothing in comparison with his being now accepted. She had always felt that Charlotte's opinion of matrimony was not exactly like her own. But she could not have supposed it possible, that when called into action she would have sacrificed every better feeling to worldly advantage. Charlotte, the wife of Mr. Collins, was a most 280 picture, and to the pang of a friend discracing herself in something new, was added the dispressing conviction that it was impossible for that friend to be tolerably happy in the lock she had chosen. And of chapter 22. This is a Librevox recording. All Librevox recordings are in the public domain, for more information, and to find out how you can volunteer, please visit Librevox.org. Recording by Elizabeth Sheets, Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen, chapter 23, Elizabeth was sitting with her mother and sisters, reflecting on what she had heard, and doubting whether she were authorized to mention it. When Sir William Lucas himself appeared, sent by his daughter to an ex-adagement department, with many compliments to them, and much self-congratulation on the prospect of a connection between the houses and unfolded the matter, to an audience not merely wondering, but in credulous. And this is bad, and more precedents than close things. Protested he must be entirely mistaken. And Lydia, always unguarded and often un-sill, moisturously exclaimed, good lord, so William, how can you tell such a story? Do you not know that Mr. Collins wants to know a lazy, nothing less than the complacence of a courtier could have borne without anger such treatment? But Sir William's good breeding carried in his room. And though he begged leave to be positive as to the truth of his information, he listened to all their impertinents, with the most for bearing courtesy. Elizabeth, feeling it incumbent on her to relieve him from so unpleasant situation. Now put herself forward, confirms that he wrote, by mentioning her prior knowledge of, from short herself. And endeavored to put a stop to the exclamations of her mother and sisters, by the earnestness of her congratulations to Sir William, in which she was readily joined by Jane, and by making a variety of remarks on the happiness that might be expected from the match. The exiled character of Mr. Collins, and the convenant distance of Hansford from London. Mrs. Bennett was in fact too much overpowered to say a great deal, while Sir William remained. But no sooner had he left them, than her feelings found a rapid vent. In the first knees, she was supposed to be believing the whole of the matter. Secondly, she was very sure that Mr. Collins had been taken in. Thirdly, she trusted that they would never be happy together. And fourthly, that the match might be broken off. Two inferences, however, were plainly deduced from home. One, that Elizabeth was the real plays in the mixture, and the other, that she herself had been barbarously used by them all. And on these two points, she principally dwelled during the rest of the day. Nothing could console, and nothing appease her. Nor did that day were out her resentment. A week elapsed before she could see Elizabeth without scolding her. A month passed away before she could speak to Sir William or Lady Lucas without being rude, and many months were gone before she could at all forgive their daughter. Mr. Bennett's emotions were much more tranquil on the occasion, and such as he did experience, he pronounced to be of a most agreeable sort. For it gratified him, he said, to discover the charlatan Lucas, whom he had used to think tolerably sensible, was as foolish as his wife, and more foolish that his daughter. Jane confessed herself a little surprised at the match, but she said less of her astonishment, than of her honest desire for their happiness. Nor could Elizabeth persuade her to consider it as a probable. Kitty and Lydia were far from envying Miss Lucas, for Mr. Collins was only a clergyman, and it affected them in no other way than as a piece of news to spread at Maritum. Lady Lucas could not be insensible of triumph, and being able to retort on Mrs. Bennett, a comfort of having a daughter well married. And she called it long-born rather oftener than usual to say how happy she was. Though Mrs. Bennett's sour looks and ill-natured remarks, might have been enough to draw. Between Elizabeth and Charlie, there was a restraint in which the mutual insight was entered. And Elizabeth felt persuaded that no real confidence could ever subsist between them again. Her disappointment and charlie, over time, delicacy, she was sure her opinion could never be shaken, and for whose happiness she grew daily more anxious. As Bingley had now been born a week, and nothing was heard at his return. Jane had sent Caroline an early answer to her letter, and was counting the days till she might reasonably hope to hear again. The promised letter of thanks for Mr. Collins arrived on Tuesday, addressed to their father, and written with all the solemnity of gratitude, which a 12 months abode with the family might have prompted. After discharging his conscience on that head, he proceeded to inform them with many rapturous expressions of his happiness in having obtained the affection of their amiable neighbor. That it was merely with the view of enjoying her society that he had been so ready to close with their kind wish of seeing him again at law. With her people, for Lady Catherine he had it, so heartily approved his marriage, that she wished to take this as soon as possible. And she trusted her, would be an unanswerable argument with his amiable Charlotte, to name an early day, for making him the happiest of men. Mr. Collins returned into her workshop, and will bring pleasure to his people. On the contrary, she was as much disposed to complain of it as her husband. It was very strange that he should come to Longborn instead of Lucas Lodge. It was also very inconvenient and exceedingly troublesome. She hated having visitors in the house, where her health was certain different, and lovers were of all people. The most disagreeable. Such with a gentle murmur as a Mrs. Bennett, and they gave way only to the greater distress of Mr. Bingley's continued absence. Neither Jane nor Elizabeth was comfortable on the subject. Day after day passed away without bringing any other dreams, then the report would shortly prevailed in Marathon, of his coming no more to another field the whole winter. A report quietly in some excuses found, in which she never failed to comprehend as a most scandal of spalsuit. Even Elizabeth began to fear not that Bingley was indifferent, but that his two sisters would be successful in keeping her. On really, she was to admit an idea so destructive to Jane's happiness, and so dishonorable to the stability of her lover, she could not prevent its frequently recurring. The united efforts of his two unfelung sisters, and of an overpowering friend, assisted by the attractions of Ms. Rossi and the amusements of London, might be too much, she feared, for the strength of his attachment. As for Jane, her anxiety and this suspense was, of course, more painful than Elizabeth's. But whatever she felt, she was desireless of concealing, and between herself and Elizabeth, therefore, the subject was never alluded to. But his new such days, his new past, in which she did not talk of Bingley, express her impatience for his arrival, or even require Jane to confess that if he did not come back, she should think herself very ill-used. It needed all Jane's steady mildest, very vis-à-vis attacks were horrible to her. Mr. Collins returned most pensionally on the Monday for a land, but his reception at Longborn was not so gracious as it had been on his first introduction. He was too happy, however, to need much attention. And luckily for the others, the business of love making, relieved them from a great deal of his company. The chief of every day was spent by him at Lucas Lodge, and he sometimes returned to Longborn only in time to make an apology for his absence before the family went to bed. Mrs. Bennett was really in a most pitiful state. For her much of anything concerning the match, through her into an agony of ill-humour, and wherever she went, she was sure of hearing it talked of. The sight of Mrs. Lucas was odious to her. As her successor in that house, she regarded her with jealous applause. Whenever Charlotte came to see them, she concluded her to be anticipating the hour of possession. And whenever she spoke in a low voice to Mr. Collins, was convinced that they were talking of the longborn estate, and resolving to turn herself and her daughter's out of the house as soon as Mr. Bennett was dead. She complained bitterly of all this to her husband. Indeed, Mr. Bennett said she, it is very hard to think that Charlotte Lucas should ever be Mr. Sopthis' house, that I should be forced to make way for her, and live to see her take my place in it. My dear, do not give way to such gloomy thoughts. Let us hurt the four-year-old. Let us flatter ourselves. Maybe the survivor. This was not very consoling to Mrs. Bennett, and therefore, instead of making any answer, she went on as before. I could not bear to think that they should have all this estate. If it was not for the entail, I should not mind it. What should you not mind? I should not mind anything at all. That is be thankful that you are preserved from a state of such insensibility. I can never be thankful, Mr. Bennett. About the entail, how anyone could have the conscience to entail the way in a state from one's own daughters, I can have understand that all for the sake of Mr. Collins too. Why should he have it more than anybody else? I leave it to yourself to determine. Said Mr. Bennett. End of chapter 23. Miss Pinkley's letter arrived and put an end to doubt. The very first sentence conveyed the assurance of their all-being settled in London for the winter, and concluded with her brother's regret, had not having had done to his list of stress-consumption of the entire family. Hope was over. Entirely over. And when Jane could attend to the rest of the letter, she found little, except the professed affection of the writer, that could give her any comfort. This glass of pearls were put on. Her many intentions were again blow-tongue, and Caroline boasted joyfully of their increasing intimacy, and ventured to predict the accomplishment of the wishes which had been unfolded in her former letter. She wrote also with great pleasure of her brother's being an inmate of Mr. Darcy's house, and mentioned with raptures some plans of the latter with regard to new furniture. Elizabeth, to whom Jane very soon. Silent in Dignation. Her heart was divided between concern and sister in the same family. To find my decision, her brother's being partial to the star's image. That he was really fond of Jane. She doubted no more than she had ever done, and much as she had always been disposed to like him. She could not think without anger, hardly without contempt, on that easy-ness of temper, that want to turn into a new fan. Which now made him the slave of his designing friends. And led him to sacrifice his own happiness to the caprice of their creations. Had his own happiness, however, been the only sacrifice, he might have been allowed to sport with it in whatever manner he thought best. But her sisters was involved in it, as she thought he must be sensible himself. It was a subject in short, on which reflection would be long and dodged, and must be unevaled. He could think of nothing else. And yet whether Bingley's regard had really died away, or his supposed friends and interference. Whether he had been aware of Jane's attachment, or whether it had escaped his observation, whichever were the case. Though her opinion of him must be materially affected by the difference, her sister's situation remained the same. Her peace equally wounded. A day or two passed before Jane had courage to speak of her feelings to Elizabeth. But at last, on Mrs. Bennett's leaving them together, after a longer irritation than usual about another field and its master, she could not help saying, Oh, but my dear mother had more command over herself. She could have no idea of the pain she gives me by her continual reflections on him. But I will not repy. It cannot last long. But her, he will be forgot and be sure for her being as we were before. In this battle to her sister with her fragile self-esteem, but said nothing. You doubt me, cried Jane, slightly coloring. Indeed, you have no reason. He may live in my memory as the most amiable mind. I have nothing either to hope or fear, and nothing to reproach him with. I don't go. I have not done that. A little time. Therefore, I shall certainly try. With the strong of those, she soon met me. I have this comfort immediately that it has not been more than an error or fancy on my side. And that it has done no harm to anyone but myself. My dear Jane, exclaim to Lisbon. You are too good. Your sweetness and disinterestedness are feeling anxious. I do not know what to say to you. I feel as if I had never done you justice or loved you as you deserve. Miss Bennett eagerly disclaim to all extraordinary merit and through back the praise on her sister's warm affection. Nay, settle this, but this is not fair. You wish to think all the world respectable and are hurt if I speak in any body. I only want to think you perfect and you set yourself against it. Do not be afraid of my running into any excess of my encroaching on your privilege of universal goodwill. You need not. There are few people who might really love. And still fewer of them can be ready. The more I see of the world, the more I dissatisfied with it. And every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters and of the little dependents that can be placed on the appearance of my dear persons. I'm led with two instances lately. One I will not mention. The other is Charlotte's marriage. It is unaccountable. Every view it is unaccountable. I do this. Just a choice. They will ruin your happiness. You do not make allowance enough for a difference of situation and temper. Consider Mr. Collins' respectability. And Charlotte's pre-blost. Remember that she is one of the large families. That, as to fortune, it is a most eligible match and be ready to believe for everybody who says that she may feel something like the gold and a steam for another cousin. To a blind Jew, I would try to believe almost anything. But no one else could be benefited by such a belief as this. For right, persuaded the Trotter to be a gold for him. She had only think worse so her understanding that I now do a far farther. My dear Jane, Mr. Collins is a conceited, pompous, narrow mind in silly man. You know he is, as well as I do. And you must feel as well as I do, that the woman who marries him cannot have a proper way of thinking. You shall not defend her, though it is Charlotte Lucas. You shall not, for the sake of one individual, change the meaning of principle and integrity. Nor endeavor to persuade yourself or me that selfishness is prunes. And in sensibility of danger, security for happiness. I must think your language too strong in speaking of both. Replied Jane. And you can be convinced that if I see you and happen together, but enough of this, you alluded to something else. You mentioned two instances. I cannot understand you, but I am treated you, Lizzie. Not to be able to be a victim of that person to blame and say you are a pinion of him. Is sunk? We must not be so ready to fancy ourselves intentionally injured. We must not expect a lively young man to be always so guarded and circumspect. It is very often nothing but our ability to see us as women fancy admiration means more than it is. And men take care that they should. But if it is designed, just a little bit, so much design in the world as some persons imagine. I am far from attributing any part of Mr. Bingley's conduct to design. Certainly, Lizzie. But without scheming to do wrong or to make others unhappy, there may be error, and there may be misery. Thoughtlessness, want of attention to other people's feelings, and want a resolution will do the business. And do you want to give it to others? Yes, to the last. But if I go on, I shall just please you by saying what I think of person's you as theme. Stop me, wills to come. You will persist then in supposing his sister's influence, him? Yes, in conjunction with his friend. I cannot believe it. Why should they try to influence him? They can only wish for his happiness and if he is attached to me. Your first position is false. They may wish many things besides his happiness. They may wish his increase of wealth and consequence. They may wish him to marry a girl who has all the importance of money, great connections, and pride. Beyond the doubt, they do wish him to choose Mr. Starcy, replied Jane. But this may be from better feelings than you are supposing. They have known her much longer than they have known me. No wonder if they love her better. But whatever may be their own wishes, it is very unlikely they should have opposed their brothers. Unless there was something very objectionable. If they believed him attached to me, they would not try to part us. If he were so, they could not succeed. By supposing such an affection, you make everybody acting unnaturally and wrong, and me are most unhappy. Do not distress me by the idea? I am not ashamed of having been mistaken. Or at least it is slothed. It is bad that the girls are all I should be. They can be a pair of sisters. But we took all the best thing in the light in which it may be understood. Elizabeth could not oppose such anish. And from this time, Mr. Bingley's name was scarcely ever mentioned between them. Mrs. Bennett still continued to wonder and repine at his returning no more, and there were days seldom passed in which Elizabeth did not account for it clearly. There seemed little chance of her ever considering it with less complexity. Her daughter endeavored to convince her of what she did not believe herself. That his attentions to Jane had been merely the effect of a common and transient liking, which ceased when he saw her anymore. But though the probability of the statement was admitted at the time, she had the same story to repeat every day. Mrs. Bennett's best comfort was that Mr. Bingley must be down again in the summer. Mr. Bennett treated her like a fool. So Lizzy said he one day, her sister is crossed in love, I find. I congratulate her. Next to being married, a girl likes to be crossed in love a little now and then. It is something to think of, and gives her a sort of distinction among her companions. When is your turn to come? Hard bear to be long outdone by Jane. Now is your time. Here are our officers enough at Meriton to disappoint all the young ladies in the county. Let a wick and be your man. He is a present fellow and would joke you creditably. Thank you sir. But at less agreeable man would satisfy me. We must not all expect Jane's good fortune. True, said Mr. Bennett. But it is a comfort to think that whatever of that kind may be following you, you have an affectionate mother who will always make the most of it. Hey! Mr. Wickham's society was a material service in dispelling the gloom. Which the late perverse occurrences had thrown on many of the farmborn for a while. They saw the most. And to raise other recommendations, was now added that of general unreserve, the whole of what Elizabeth had already heard. His claims on Mr. Darcy. And all that he had suffered from him was now openly acknowledged and publicly canvased. And everybody was pleased to hear, which they had always disliked Mr. Darcy before they had an anything. In this case, he was the only future that stands there might be any of the stardom circumstances in his case, unarmed to the society of art for sure. Her mild and steady candle all was thated for allowances, and urged the possibility of mistakes. But by everybody else, Mr. Darcy was condemned as the worst of men. And a chapter 24. Chapter 25 After a week spent in profession these vile vines comes a facetine, Mr. Collins was called for his e-mail show. Aaaaaaah! Saturday. The pain of separation. Wait, that the evade of this satellite repression is for the such. It is bright. As he had reasoned to hope, but shortly after his next retooned to hop, the day would be fixed. That was to make the happiest of me. To the evil of his relations at our bed, with as much solemnity as before, wished his fear cousin's health pathing us again, and promised their father another letter of thanks. On the follow-in-munday, Mrs. Bennett had the pleasure of receiving her brother and his wife, who came as usual to spend the Christmas at Longborn. Mr. Gardner was a sensible gentleman like man, greatly superior to his sister, as well by nature as education. The Netherfield ladies would have had difficulty in believing that a man who lived by trade, and within view his own warehouses, could have been so well-bred. Mrs. Collins, who was subdued as an amiable, intelligent, elegant woman, and a great favorite with all her long-born nieces. Between the two elders and herself, especially, they're subsisted a very particular regard, they had frequently been staying with her in town. The first part of Mrs. Gardner's business on her arrival was to distribute her presence and describe the newest fashions. When this was done, she had a less active part to play. It became her turn to listen. Mrs. Bennett had many grievances to relate, and much to complain of. They were very, very weak, such a large subsurface. Two of her girls had been on the point of marriage, and after all, there was nothing in it. I do not blame Jane! She continued, for Jane would have got Mr. Bingley if she could. But Lizzie, I was sister. It is very hard to think that she might have been Mr. Collins' wife by this time. I did not then for her own perverseness. He made her an offer in this very room, and she refused him. The consequence of it, is that Lady Lucas will have a daughter married before I have, and that long-born estate is just as much entailed as ever. The locuses are very artful people in the sister. They are all for what they can get. I am sorry to say it of them, but so it is. It makes me very nervous and poorly to be thwarted so in my own family, and to have neighbors who think of themselves before anybody else. However, you are coming just at this time as the greatest of comforts, and I am very glad to hear what you tell us of long sleep. This is God, the only chief of this news had been given before, in the course of Jane and Elizabeth's correspondence with her, made her sister a slight answer, and in compassion to her nieces turned to conversation. When alone with Elizabeth after this, she spent more than the center. It seems likely to have been a desirable match for Jane. Is it? I am sorry to... But these things have so often. A young man, such as you describe Mr. Bingley, so easily falls in love with a pretty girl for a few weeks, and when accidents separates them, so easily forgets her, that these sort of inconstancies are very frequent. An excellent consequence, she knew it's worth. Settle this with. But it will not do for us. We do not suffer by accident. It does not often happen that the interference of friends will persuade young man of independent orchor, to think no more of a girl whom he was violently in love with only a few days before. But that expression of violently in love is so hack-need, so doubtful, so indefinite, but it gives me very little idea. It is as often applied to feelings which arise only from a half hours of acquaintance, as to a real, strong attachment. Pray, a violent wasnis to Bingley's love. I never saw a more promising inclination. He was growing quite in attempt to other people, and wholly engrossed by her. Every time they met, it was more decided or remarkable. At his own ball he offended two or three young ladies by not asking them to dance. And I spoke to him twice myself without receiving an answer. This is not a gentle incident, a very essence of love. Oh yes, of that kind of love which I suppose him to have felt. Poor Jean, I am sorry for her. Because with such a disposition, she may not get over it immediately. It had better have happened to you, Lizzie. You would have laughed yourself out of its sooner. But do you think she would be prevailed on to go back with us? Change of scene might be of service. And perhaps a little relief from home, maybe as useful as anything. Elizabeth was exceeding he pleased with this proposal. And felt persuaded of her sisters ready atleast. This is Gardner. That no consideration with regard to the young man will influence her. We live in so different a part of town. What are our connections are so different? And as you well know, we go out so little, that it is very improbable they should meet at all, unless you really come to see her. And that is quite impossible. For he has now in the custody of his friend, and Mr. Darcy would know more about her, and call on Jean in such a part of London. My dear aunt, how could you think of it? Mr. Darcy may perhaps have heard of such a place as Grace Church Street, but he would hardly think a month's solution enough to cleanse in public securities, ready once to act right, and depend upon it, Mr. Bingley never stirs without him. So much to that, I hope they will not be at all. But does Jean not correspond to with the sister? She will not be able to help calling. She will drop the acquaintance entirely. But in spite of the certainty in which Elizabeth affected to place this point, as well as the still more interesting one of Bingley's being withheld from seeing Jane, she felt a solicitude on the subject which convinced her on examination, that she did not consider it entirely hopeless. It was possible, and sometimes she thought it probably, that his affection might be really amateur, and the influence of his friend successfully combated by the more natural influence of Jane's attractions. Ms. Bennett accepted her aunts invitation with pleasure, and the Bingley's were no otherwise in her thoughts at the same time, then as she hoped that by Carolyn's not living in the same house with her brother, she might occasionally spend a morning with her without any danger of seeing him. The gardeners stayed a week at Longborn, and what with the Philipses, the Lucas's and the officers, there was not a day without its engagement. Mrs. Bennett had so carefully provided for the entertainment of her brother and sister, that they did not once sit down to a family dinner. When the engagement was for home, some of the law's needs were not in the hall, but officers, Mr. Wickham, was sure to be one. And on these occasions, Mrs. Gardener, rendered suspicious by Elizabeth's warm, commendations of him, now only observed them both. Without supposing them for what she saw, to be very seriously in love, their preference of each other was plain enough to make her a little uneasy. And she was all to speak to Elizabeth on this subject before she left her for sure, and represented to her the importance of encouraging such an attachment. To Mrs. Gardener, Wickham had one means of a forwarding pleasure, unconnected with his general powers. About 10 or a dozen years ago, before her marriage, she had spent a considerable time in that very part of Darby's show to which he belonged. They had, therefore, many acquaintance in common, and the Wickham had been little there since the death of Darcy's father, five years ago. It was yet in his family to give her fashion and intelligence of her former friends, then she had been in the way of procuring. Mrs. Gardener had seen Pemberley, and known that Wickham stood on sea by character, perfectly well. Here, consequently, was an inexhaustible subject of discourse. In comparing her collection of Pemberley, with the minute description which Wickham would give, and in bestowing her tribute of praise on the character of its late possessor. She was delighting her film at the same time. Unbeying made acquainted with the present Mr. Darcy's treatment of him. She tried to remember something about her marriage, repeated disposition when quite a lad, which might agree with it. And his confident at last, that she recollected having her Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy formally spoken of, as a very proud, unatured boy. End of chapter 25. This is a Librevox recording. All Librevox recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer, visit librevox.org. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen. Chapter 26 Mrs. Gardener's passion to a visit was punctual and kind to give an on the first paperable opportunity of speaking to her own. After honestly telling her what she thought, she thus went on. You are too sensible a girl was he to fall in love merely because you're going to dance to it. And therefore I'm not afraid of speaking openly. Seriously, I would have you be on your guard. Do not involve yourself or endeavor to involve him in an affection which the want of fortune would make so very important. I have nothing to say against him. He is a most interesting man. And if he had the fortune he ought to have, I should think you could not do better. But as it is, you must not let yourself in that way. You have sex and we all struggle to do this. Your father would depend on your resolution in good conduct. I am sure. You must not disappoint your father. Randy Rads is being serious indeed. Yes, and I hope to engage you to be serious likewise. Well then, you need not be under any alarm. I will take care of myself and of Mr. Wickham too. He shall not be in love with me if I can prevent it. The Elizabeth, you're not serious now. I beg your pardon, I'll try it again. At present, I am not in love with Mr. Wickham. No, I certainly am not. But he is beyond all comparison. The most agreeable man. And if he becomes really attached to me, I will believe it better that he should not. I see the improvements of it. Honourable Mr. Darcy. My father's opinion of me does the greatest honor. And I should be miserable to forfeit it. My father, however, is partial to Mr. Wickham. In short, my dear, it should be very sorry to be the means of making any of you unhappy. But since we see every day that where there is affection, young people, they're seldom withheld by a mediute want of fortune from entering into engagements with each other, how can I promise to be wiser than so many of my fellow creatures if I'm tempted? For how long might you continue that there would be wisdom to resist? All that I can promise you therefore is not to be in a hurry. I will not be in a hurry to believe myself this first object. When I am in company with him, I will not be wishing. In short, I will do my best. Perhaps it will be as well if you discourage his coming years so often. And at least you should not remind your mother's bike. As I did the other day, said Elizabeth with the conscious smile, there I true. It will be wiser me to refrain from her. But do not imagine that he has always year so often. It's on your account that he's been so frequently invited this week. You know my mother's ideas as to the necessity of constant company for her friends. But really, and a plund light on her, I will try to do what I think to be the widest. And now I hope you'll satisfy her. Her aunt assured that she wants and Elizabeth has a thank you for the promise It's quite a wonderful instance of advice being given on such a point without being resented. Mr. Colin, I'm going to return to her for giving it to you. Soon after it has been put in front of her, I've been Jane. But as he took up his above with the lukuses, his arrival was no great in convenience to miss a venom. His marriage was now fast approaching and she was at length so far resigned as to think in inevitable and even repeatedly to say in an ill-needed term that she wished they might be happy. Thursday was to be the wedding day and on Wednesday, Ms. Lukus paid her farewell visit. And when she rose to take leave, Elizabeth ashamed of her mother's ungracious and reluctant good wishes and sincerely affected herself accompanied her out of the room. As they went downstairs together, Charlotte said, I should have depend upon hearing from you very often, Eliza. That you certainly shall. And I have another favorite to ask you, will you come see me? We shall often meet, I hope, in herit for sure. I'm not likely to leave camp for some time. Pruns me there for to come to Huntsville. Elizabeth could not refuse the she force a little pleasure in the visit. My father and Maria are coming to me in March, adding Charlotte, and I hope you will consent to be the party, indeed, Eliza, you will be as welcome to either of them. The wedding took place, the bride and bridegroom set off for Kent from the church door, and everybody had as much to say, work to hear on the subject as usual. Eliza Beth soon heard from her friend, and the correspondence was as regular in frequent as it had ever been, that it should be equally unreserved, was impossible. Eliza Beth could never address her without feeling that all the conflict of intimacy was over, and though determined not to slacken as a correspondence, it was for the sake of what had been rather than what was. Charlotte's first letters were received with a good deal of eagerness, there could not but be curiosity to know how she would speak of her new home, how she would like Lady Catherine, and how happy she would dare pronounce herself to be. Though when these letters were read, Elizabeth felt that Charlotte expressed herself on every point exactly as she might have foreseen. She wrote cheerfully, seems to reality with comforts, and mentioned nothing which she could not praise. The house furniture, neighbour, wooden clothes, all to her taste, and Lady Catherine's behavior with most friendly and blodging. He was Mr. Collins, which her husband was, and was rationally softened, and Elizabeth perceived that she must wait for her own visit there to know the rest. Jane had already written a few lines to her sister to announce their safe arrival in London, and when she wrote again, Elizabeth hoped it would be in her power to say something of the Bing-Leas. Her impatience for the second letter was as well rewarded as in patients generally is. Jane had been a weak in town, though either seeing or hearing in Caroline. She accounted for it, however, by supposing her last letter to her friend from Longborn, had by some accident the most. My aunt, she continued, is going to Montenetra without part of the town, and I shall take the opportunity of calling in Grover in her street. She wrote again when the visit was paid, and she had seen Ms. Bing-Leas. I did not think Caroline in spirits. She was very glad to see her. I was right there for my last letter had never reached her. I inquired after their brother, of course. He was well, but so much engaged with Mr. Darcy that those scarcely ever saw him. I found that Ms. Darcy was expected to dinner. I wish I could see her. My visit was not long, as Caroline and Mrs. Harris were going out. A dad say I shall see him soon here. I was a bit shook her head over this letter. It convinced her that accident only could discover to Mr. Bing-Leas her sister's being in town. Four weeks passed away, and Jane saw nothing of him. She endeavored to persuade herself that she did not regret it, but she could no longer be blind to Ms. Bing-Leas in attention. After whiny at home every morning for a fortnight, and inventing every evening a fresh excuse for her, the visit did it last appear. The shortness of her state and yet more the alteration of her manner would allow Jane to deceive herself no longer. The letter which she wrote on this occasion to her sister will prove what she felt. My dear Lizzy Real and Shory. Being capable of triumphant in her better judgment at my expense. When I confess myself to have been entirely deceived in this Bing-Leas regard for me, but my dear sister though the event has proved you right. Do not think me obstinate if I still assert that considering what her behavior was, my confidence was as natural as your suspicion. I do not at all comprehend her reason for wishing to be intimate with me, but at the same circumstances were to happen again, I'm sure I should be deceived again. Caroline did not return my visit till yesterday, and not a note, not a line, did I receive in the meantime. When she did come, it was very evident that she had no pleasure in it. She made a slight formal apology for not calling before, said not only word of wishing to see me again, and wasn't every respect so altered a creature that when she went away I was perfectly resolved to continue the acquaintance no longer. I pity that I cannot help blaming her. She was very wrong and singling me out as she did. I can safely say that every advance to intimacy began on her side. But I pity her because she must feel that she's been acting wrong and because I'm very sure that anxiety for her brother is the positive. I need not explain myself farther, and though we notice anxiety to be quite needless, yet if she feels that it will easily account for her behavior to me. And so deservedly dear is he to his sister. Whatever anxiety she must feel on his behalf is natural and amiable. I cannot but wonder her ever and her having any such peers now, because if you have a terrible thought of me, we must have met long ago. He knows of my being in tail and I'm certain from something she said herself, and yet it would soon be her manner of talking, as if she wanted to persuade herself that he really is partial to Miss Darcy. I cannot understand it. If I were not afraid of judging harshly, I should be almost tempted to say that there's a strong appearance of duplicity in all this. But I will endeavor to banish every painful thought and think only of what will make me happy. Your affection and the invariable kindness of my dear uncle and aunt. Let me hear from you very soon. Miss Bingley said something of his never returning to another field again, of giving up the house, but not with any certainty. We'd better not mention it. I'm extremely glad that you had such a pleasant account for my friends at Hunsford. Craig O'Ncee, then with Stabilia and Maria. I'm sure you'll be very comfortable there. Yours, et cetera. This letter gave Elizabeth some pain, but her spirits returned as she considered that Jane would no longer be duped by the sister at least. All expectation from the brother has now absolutely over. She would not even wish for a renewal of his attentions. His character sunk on every review of it, and as a punishment for him, as well as a possible advantage to Jane, she seriously hoped he might really soon marry Mr. Darcy's sister, as by Wiggum's account, she would make him abundantly regret what he had thrown away. Mrs. Gardner about this time reminded Elizabeth of her promise concerning that gentleman and required information, and Elizabeth had such to send as might rather give contentment to her aunt than to herself. He was the admirer of someone else. Elizabeth was watchful enough to see it all, but she could see it and write a bit without material pain. Her heart had been but slightly touched, and her vanity was satisfied with her leaving that she would have been his only choice for fortune committed it. The sudden acquisition of 10,000 pounds was the most remarkable charm of the unrelated to him who was now rendering himself agreeable. But Elizabeth, less clear-sighted perhaps in his case than insurelets, did not quarrel with him for his wish of independence. Nothing on the contrary could be more natural, and while able to suppose that it cost him a few struggles to remanquish her, she was ready to allow it a while in desirable manner for both, and could very sincerely wish him happy. All this was acknowledged to Mrs. Gardner, and after relating the circumstances she thus went on, I now convinced my dear aunt that I've never been much in love for how I really experienced that pure and co-editing passion, I should present to test his very name and wish him all manner of evil. But my feelings are not only cordial towards him, they're even impartial towards Ms. King. I cannot find out that I hate her at all, or that I mean the least unwilling to think her a very good sort of girl. There can be no murder notice, my watch for Mrs. Gardner's future, and there was certainly should be a more interesting object to all my acquaintances where I distractedly and loved with him. I cannot say that I regret my comparative insignificance. Importance may sometimes be purchased too dearly. Kitty and Lydia take his defect into heart much earlier on, but they are young in the ways of the world, and not yet open to the mortifying conviction that handsome young men must have something to live on as well as the plane. End of chapter 26, read by Kristen McQuillin, November 7, 2000. This is a LibriVox recording. All LibriVox recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer visit librivox.org. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen, chapter 27. With no greater events than these in the long-born family, otherwise it would be certified marriage and sometimes dirty and sometimes cool, did January and February pass away. March was to take Elizabeth to Huntsford. She had not at first thought very seriously of going there, but sure that she soon found, was depending on the film, and she gradually learned to consider it herself with greater pleasure, as well as greater certainty. Absence and courage designed to sing Charlotte again, and we can hear disgust at least the plans. There was novelty in the scheme, and as with such a mother and such unfingable assistance, couldn't have not be thoughtless, the little change was not unwelping for a journey safe. The journey would moreover differ to keep that Jane, and in short as the time journeyer, she would have been very sorry for any delay. Everything, however, went smoothly and was finally settled according to Charlotte's first sketch. She was to accompany Sue William in the second daughter. The improvement of spending a night and London was added in time, and the plan became perfect as planning could be. The only pain was in me and her father, who would certainly miss her, and who when it came to the point, so little liked her, that he's closer to Rachel and almost promised to answer her letter. The farewell between herself and Mr. Rick and Mr. Rick and Mr. Rick is perfectly friendly, on his side even more. His present pursuit could not make him forget that Elizabeth had been the first to excite and to deserve his attention. The first to listen and to pity, the first to be admired, and in his manner of bidding her a Jew, wishing her every enjoyment reminding her of what she was to expect in Lady Catherine de Boe. Interesting her opinion of her, their opinion of everybody, would always coincide. There was a solicitude, an interest which she felt must ever attach her to him with a most sincere regard, and she parted from him convinced that, whether married or single, he must always be her model of the Amy of the losing. Her fellow travelers the next day, were not of a kind to make this thing enormously alike, so William Lucas and his daughter Maria a good human girl, but as empty headed as himself, had nothing to say that could be worth hearing, and were listened to with about as much delight as the rattle of the chas. Elizabeth loved absurdities, but she'd known Sir Williams too long, and he could tell her nothing new of the wonders of his presentation in night quick, and his civilities were worn out like his information. It was a journey of only time to come by and they began it so early as to be in bass trips, like I knew. As they drove to Mr. Gardiner's door, Jane was at a drawing room window watching their arrival, when they entered the passage she was there to welcome them, and Elizabeth looking earnestly in her face was pleased to see a helpful motherly ever. On the stairs were a trip of little boys and whose eagerness for their cousin's appearance was not allowed to wait in the drawing room, and whose shyness as they had not seen her for 12 months prevented their coming lower. Always joying in the morning. The day passed most bread and bread and bread, from morning and baffle and shopping, and the evening at one of the theaters. Elizabeth then came to have to sit by her aunt. Their first object was her sister, and she was more grief than astonished to hear in reply to her friend, and replied to him, that other Jane always struggled to support her spirits. They were periods of rejection. It was reasonable however to hope that they would not continue long. Mrs. Gardiner gave her the particular also of Ms. Bingley's visit in Grace Church Street, and repeated conversations occurred at different times between Jane and herself, which proved that the former had, from her heart, given up the acquaintance. Mrs. Gardiner gained malign her niece and looked at his decision and complimented her and bearing it so well. But my dear Elizabeth, she added, what sort of girl is in this king? I should be sorry to think her friend, Mercer Nary. Pray my dear aunt, what is the difference in macaroni allophars between the Mercer Nary and the Prudent motive? Where does discretion end and Avarus begin? Last Christmas, you were afraid of his marrying me because it would be imprudent, and now because he's trying to get a girl with only 10,000 pounds, you want to find out that he's more of Sennay. If you own a girl, that's what a promise came in, is I shall know what to think. She's a very good kind of girl I believe. I know no harm if her. But he paid her not the smallest attention to her grandfather's death made her mistress of this fortune. Now what should he? If it were not allowable for him to gain my affections because I had no money, what occasion could there be for making love to a girl who he did not care about and he was equally poor? There seems an indelicacy in directing his attention towards her so soon after this event. A man in distress circumstances does not have time for all those elegant decorums which other people may observe. If she does not object to have washing me, well her not objecting does not justify him. It only shows her being deficient in something herself, sets her feeling. Well, cried Elizabeth. How did she choose? He shall be mercenary and she shall be foolish. No, Muzzi, that's what I do not choose. I should be sorry, you know, to think ill of a young man who's lived so long in derby shirt. Oh, if that is all, I have a very poor opinion of young man who live in derby shirt and their internet friends who live in her picture are not much better. In sick of the mom, beg heaven I'm going to Mara where I shall find a man who has not won a grieble quality, who has neither manner nor sense to recommend him. Stupid man are the only one who can't live in her picture. I want to make a movie that speech is the best strongly of disappointment. Before they were separated by the conclusion of the play, she had the unexpected happiness of an invitation to accompany her uncle and aunt on a tour of pleasure which they proposed taking in the summer. We have not determined how far it shall carry out since his gardener but perhaps to the legs. No scheme could have been more agreeable to Elizabeth and her acceptance of the invitation was most ready and grateful. Oh my dear dear aunt, she raptured, sweetheart. What delight? What the lucidie? He gave me fresh life and vigor. Would you to disappoint Minnes? Transport we shall spend and when we do return, it should not be like other travelers without being able to give one accurate idea of anything. We will know where we've gone. We will back to the lectlet we've seen. Thanks to Elizabeth, she'll not be jumping to go over her back. No early we attempt to describe any particular scene. What we begin coloring about its relative situation. Let our first Ephesians be less insupportable than those of the generality of travelers. End of chapter 27. Vemba Christian McClillan, Tokyo Japan November 7th 2005. This is a Librivox recording. All Librivox recordings are in the public domain for more information on how to volunteer. This is Librivox.com. Reporting by Sherry Crowther. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austin. Every object in the next day's journey was new and interesting to Elizabeth. And her spirits were in a state of enjoyment. For she had seen her sister looking so well, as to banish all fear for her health and the prospect of her northern tour was a constant source of delight. When we left the high road for the main happens hurt, every climb was in search of the person's culture and everything dream expected to bring it in the end. The palings of Rosings Park was their boundary on one side. Elizabeth smiled at the recollection of all that she had heard of its inhabitants. At length the personage was terrible. The garden sloping to the wall, the house standing in the green pales and the laurel hedge, everything declared they were arriving. Mr Collins and Charlotte appeared at the door and the carriage stopped at the small gate which led by a short gravel block to the house. It missed the knots and smiles of the whole time. In a moment they walked down the chase and rejoicing at the sight of each other. Mrs Collins welcomed her friend with a lilyous pleasure and Elizabeth was more and more satisfied with coming when she found her sense so affectionately received. She saw instantly that her cousin's manners were not altered by his marriage. Elizabeth just wasn't happy and he detained her some minutes at the gate to hear and satisfy his inquiries after all her family. They were then with no other delay than his pointing out the neatness of the entrance taken into the house and as soon as they were in the carland he welcomed them a second time with ostentatious formality to his humble abode and punctually repeated all his wife's offers of refreshment. Elizabeth was prepared to see him in his glory and she could not help in fancying that in displaying the good proportion of the room. It's aspect and its furniture he addressed himself particularly to her as if wishing to make her feel what she had lost in refusing him. But though everything seemed neat and comfortable she was not able to gratify him by any style of repentance and rather looked with wonder at her friend that she could have so cheerful and air with such a companion. When Mr Collins said anything of which his wife might reasonably be ashamed which certainly was not and seldom. She voluntarily turned her eye to Charlotte. Once her twice shot could discern a faint blush but in general Charlotte wisely did not hear after she was long enough to her and they are the furniture in the room from the sideboard to the fender to give an account of their journey and of all that had happened in London. Mr Collins invited them to take a stroll in the garden which was large and well laid out and to the cultivation of which she attended himself. To work in this garden was one of his most respectable pleasures and Elizabeth admired the command of countenance with which Charlotte talked of the health for the stuff he has for science and only to show courage to his face possible. Here leading the way through every walk and cross the road and scarcely allowing them an interval to utter the praises he asked for. Every view was pointed out with a minuteness which left beauty entirely behind. He could number the fields in the redirection and could tell how many trees are in the most distant clump but of all the views which his garden or which the country or kingdom could boast none would have be compared with the past of those of the four to five old new and few of the four of the park nearly opposite the front of his house. It was a handsome modern building well situated on rising ground. From his garden Mr Collins would have let them round his two metals but the ladies not having shoes to encounter the remains of a white frost turned back and while Sir William and Cuckoo Charlotte took her sister and friend over the house extremely well please probably to have you opportunity to show without her husband's help. It was rather small but well built and convenient and everything was fitted up and arranged with a neatness and consistency of which Elizabeth gave Charlotte all the credit. When Mr Collins could be forgotten there was really an air of great comfort throughout and by Charlotte's evident enjoyment of it Elizabeth supposed he must be often forgotten. She had already learned that Lady Catherine was still in the country but the spoken of a grandmother or at dinner in the district room and upstairs. Yes, Mrs. Elizabeth you will have the opportunity to see Lady Catherine deferred on the ensuing Sunday at church and I need not say you will be delighted with her. She is all affability and condescension and I don't not but you will be honored with some portion of her notice when service is over. I have scarcely any hesitation in saying she will include you and my sister Mariah in every invitation with which she honors us during your stay here. Her behavior to my dear Charlotte is charming. We dinet roses twice every week and are never allowed to walk home. Her Lady ship's carriage is regularly ordered for us. I should stay one of her little ship's characters for she has several. Lady Catherine is a very respectable sensible woman indeed added Charlotte and a most attentive neighbor. Very true my dear that is exactly what I say. She is the sort of woman who one cannot regard with too much. Thank you, Lady the spaceship we will take you over her for sure news and telling again what had already been written and when it closed Elizabeth in the solitude of her chamber had to meditate upon Charlotte's decree of contentment to understand her addressing, inciting and composure in bearing with her husband and to acknowledge that it was all done very well. She had also to anticipate how her visit would pass the quiet tenor of their usual employment, the vexacious interruptions of Mr Collins and the clearance of their duty as a witness. A lie to the magazine soon settled in. About the middle of the next day as she was in her room getting ready a set of news for her escape. All housing confusion and after listening a moment she heard her. She opened the door and met Mariah in the landing place. Who breathless with agitation cried out, oh my dear Eliza, pray make haste and come into the diner and pray there is such a sight to be seen. I will not tell you what it is, we are facing the poor girl of this room. Elizabeth asked questions in vain, Mariah would tell you nothing more and down they ran into the dining room which front of the lane in quest of this wonder. It was two ladies stopping in a low-faitan at the garden fate. Is this all, cry Elizabeth? I expected at least that the pigs were gone into the garden and here is nothing but Lady Catherine and her daughter. La my dear, and Mariah quite shocked at the mistake. It is not Lady Catherine. The old lady is Mrs. Jenkinson, who lives with them. The other is Mr. Gorg. Only look at her. She is quite a little creature. Who would have thought that she could be so small? She is a bombin' of the room to keep Charlotte out of doors and all this wind. Why does she not come in? Oh Charlotte says she hardly ever does. It is the greatest of favors when Mr. Bird comes in. I like her appearance that Elizabeth strapped with other ideas. She looks sickly and crost. She may do for him very well. She will make him a very proper wife. Mr. Collins and Charlotte were both standing at the gate in conversation with the ladies. And Sir William to Elizabeth's high diversion was stationed in the doorway in the center of the greatness before and constantly bowing whenever Mr. Bird looked that way. At length there was nothing more to be said. The ladies drove on and the others returned to the house. Mr. Collins knew soon or saw the two girls and they knew to get to congratulate them. On their good fortune which Charlotte explained by letting them know that the whole party was asked to die at rosings the next day. And the chapter 20 day. Chapter 29. Mr. Collins's career in consequence of this invitation was to help. The power of displaying the grandeur of the speaker was to the one thing visitors. And at length there's a village there's himself and his wife was exactly what he had before. And that an opportunity of doing it should be given so soon. Mr. Collins's opinion says of Lady Kevin's point of fashion. If he knew not how to admire it enough. I confess said he that I should not have been at all surprised by her Lady ships asking us on Sunday to drill tea and spending the evening at rosings. I rather expected from my knowledge of the African lady that it would happen. But who could have seen such an attention as this? Who could have imagined that we should receive an invitation to dying there? An invitation more over including the whole party so immediately after you arrive. I am the less surprised that when it happened to reply Sir William from that knowledge of what the manners of the great really are which means the situation you like is a weapon to hide. About the court such instances of elegant breeding are not uncommon. Scaresly anything was talked of the whole day or next morning but they're visit to rosings. Mr. Collins was carefully instructing them in what they were to expect that the sight of such rules so many servants and so splendid a dare might not wholly overpower them. When the ladies were separating for the toilet he said to Elizabeth. Do not make yourself a new thing because in a butcher apparel Lady Catherine is far from requiring that elegance of dressing us which becomes herself and her daughter. I would advise you merely to put on whatever of your clothes to superior to the rest. There is no occasion for anything more. Lady Catherine will not think the worst of you for being simply dressed. She likes to have the distinction of rank preserved. While they were dressing he came two or three times to their different doors to recognize their room for as they become fairly legit to be. Waiting for her dinner. Such formidable accounts of her Lady ship and her manner of living quite frightened Mariah Lutus who had been little used to company and she looked forward to her at Rosings. With as much apprehension as her father had done to his presentation at Saint James. As the weather was fine they had a pleasant walk over the path from while across the park. Every park has its beauty and its prospects and Elizabeth saw much to be pleased with. Though she could not be in such raptures as Mr. Collins expected the scene to inspire and was but slightly affected by his enumeration of the windows in front of the house and his relation of what the glazing altogether had originally cost Sir Louis Diber. When he ascended the steps of the hall, Mariah's alarm was every moment increasing and even Sir William did not look perfectly calm. Elizabeth's courage did not fail her. She had heard nothing of Lady Catherine that spoke of her awful from any extraordinary talents or miraculous virtue and the mere stateliness of one of her rank shall be sent with us without trevidation. From the entrance to all of which Mr. Collins pointed out with a rat on his air, the fine proportion and the finished ornaments, they followed the servants through an empty chamber to the room where Lady Catherine, her daughter and Mrs. Jameson were sitting. Her ladyship with great condescension arose to receive them and as Mrs. Collins had settled it with her husband that the office of introduction should be hers. It was performed in a proper manner without any of those apologies and thanks which he would have thought necessary. In spite of having been at St. James's, Sir William was so complete with like a grander or so handy that he had but just courage enough to make a very low bow and take the seat without saying a word and his daughter frightened to almost out of her senses sat on the edge of her chair not knowing which way to learn. Elizabeth found herself quite equal to the scene and could observe the three ladies before her compulsively. Lady Catherine was a tall, large woman with strongly marked features which might work certain handsome. Her air was not consolidated nor was her manner of receiving them such as to make her visitors forget their inferior rank. She was not rendered formidable by silence but whatever she said was spoken in so authoritative at home as marked herself for importance and brought Mr. Wickham immediately to Elizabeth's mind and from the observation of the day altogether she believed Lady Catherine to be exactly what he represented. When after examining the mother in whose countenance and department she soon found some of the answers. She could almost have gone to Mariah's astonishment at her being so thin and so small there was neither any big or large face and glass between the ladies. Mr. Wickham was pale and sickly her features though not plain were insignificant and she spoke a very little except in a low voice two Mrs. Jenkinson in whose appearance there was nothing remarkable and who was entirely engaged in listening to what she said and placing a screen in a perfect direction before the eyes. After sitting a few minutes they were all sent to one of the windows to admire the view. Mr. Collins attending them to point out its beauties and Lady Catherine kindly informing them that it was much better worth looking at in the summer. The dinner was exceedingly handsome and there were all the servants and all the articles of plate which Mr. Collins had promised. And as he had likewise foretold he took his seat at the bottom of the table by her Lady Ship's desire and looked to see felt that life could furnish nothing greater. He carved an A in craze to light his lacquerity and every dish was commented first by him and then by Sir William. So is now enough recovered to echo whatever his son-in-law said in a manner which elusive with wonder to Lady Catherine could bear but Lady Catherine seemed gratified by their excessive admiration and gave most gracious words especially when any of them were treated to them. The party did not supply much conversation. The Elizabeth was ready to speak whenever there was an opening but she was seated between Charlotte and Mr. Bird the form of whom was engaged in listening to Lady Catherine and the letters did not agree to her. Mrs. Jenkinson was chiefly employed in watching how Little Mr. Bird ate pressing her to try some of her dishes and fearing she was in disposed. Mariah thought speaking out of the question and the gentleman did nothing but eat and admire. When the ladies returned to the drawing room there was little to be done but to hear Lady Catherine talk which she did without any intermission to coffee came in. Delivering her opinion on every subject in so decisive a manner as proved that she was not used to having her judgment contradicted. She inquired into Charlotte's domestic concerns, familiarly and minutely gave her a great deal of advice as to the management of them all told her how everything ought to be regulated in so small and honest hers and instructed her as to the care of the cows and her poetry. The Elizabeth found that nothing was beneath this great lady's attention which could furnish her with an occasion of dictating to others. In the intervals of her discourse with Mrs. Collins, she addressed the variety of questions to Mariah and Elizabeth but especially to the latter of whose connection she knew the least and who she observed to Mrs. Collins was a very gentle, pretty sort of girl. She asked her at different times how many sisters she had whether they were older younger than herself, whether any of them were likely to be married, whether they were handsome, where they had been educated, what parents were fathered and what had been her mother's met name. Elizabeth felt all the inclusions of her father but answered in very simple manner. Lady Catherine then absurd, your father's estate is entailed to Mr. Collins, but he feels sick and I'm in the blood of it. But otherwise I see no occasion for entailing his states from the female line. It was not thought necessary in Sir Louis Deburg's family. Do you play in sing, Miss Bennett? A little? Oh, then sometime or other we shall be happy to hear you. Our instrument is a capital one. Probably superior to you shall try it someday. Do your sisters play in sing? One of them does, why did you not all learn? You ought all talent. When this words often and the title is not so good and income is yours. Don't draw? No, not at all. What? None of you? Not one. That is very strange. But I suppose you had no opportunity. Your mother should have taken you to town every spring for the benefit of Mastery. My mother would have had no objection, but my father hates London. Has your governess left you? No governance. How was that possible? Five daughters brought up at home without a governance. I have never heard of such a thing. Your mother must have been quite a slave to your education. Elizabeth could hardly help smiling as she assured her that she had not been the case. Then who taught you? Who attended to you? Without a government you must have been elected. Compared with some families I believe we were, but such of us as wish to learn never wanted the means. We were always encouraged to read and had all the masters that were necessary. Those who chose to be idols certainly might. I know doubt, but that is what a governance And if I had no room under I would have advised her. Most strongly or slightly to engage one. I always say that nothing is to be done in education without steady and regular instruction. And nobody but a government's can give it. It is wonderful how many families I have been the means of supplying in that way. I am always glad to get a young person well placed up. Four nieces of Mrs. Jenkinson's are most delightfully situated through my means. And it was but the other day that I recommended another young person who was merely accidentally mentioned to me. And the family are quite delighted with her. Mrs. Collins did I tell you of Lady Metcalf's calling yesterday to thank me? She finds Ms. Pope Petrecher. Lady Katherine she said, You have given me a treasure. Are any of your younger sisters out, Ms. Benin? Yes, ma'am. Oh. All? What? All five out at once? Very odd. And you only the second. The younger ones out before the elder ones are married. Your younger sisters must be very young. Yes, my youngest is not 16. Perhaps she is a full young to be much in company. But really, ma'am, I think it would be very hard upon younger sisters, but they should not have their share of society and amusement. Because the elder may not have a means or inclination to marry early. The last born has a spirit right to the pressures of youth parents the first. And do we have to back on such a motor? I think it would not be very nice. Upon my words that her Lady Ship, you give your opinion very decidedly for so young a person. Pray what is your age? With three younger sisters grown up, the elder has a dog's mind. Your Lady Ship can hardly expect her to own it. Lady Katherine seemed quite astonished and not receiving a direct answer. And Elizabeth suspected herself to be the first creature who had ever dared to trifle with so much dignified impertinent. You cannot be more than 20. I am sure therefore you need not conceal your age. I am not one in 20. When the gentleman had joined them and he was over the the car tables were placed. Lady Katherine, Sir William, and Mr. Mrs. Collins sat down to quadril and Mrs. Sipdiver chose to play at Casino. The two girls had the honor of assisting Mrs. Jenkinson to make up her party. Their table was super litillish stupid. Scarsely as syllable with uttered that did not relate to the game. Except when Mrs. Jenkinson expressed her fears of Mr. Birds being too hot or too cold or having too much or too little light. A great deal more past at the other table. Lady Katherine was generally speaking, stating the mistakes of the three others, or relating some anecdote to herself. Mr. Collins was employed in a green to everything her Lady should said, thanking her for every fishy one. And a poetry I think you thought he won too many. Mr. William did not say much. He was storing his memory with anecdotes and noble names. When Lady Katherine was also played as long as they chose, the tables were broken up. The carriage was offered to Mrs. Collins. Greatfully accepted and immediately ordered. The party then gathered around the fire to hear Lady Katherine determine what weather they were to have on the moral. From these instructions they were summoned by the arrival of the coach and with many speeches that thank Mrs. Collins to side and as many bowels on Sir Williams they departed. As soon as they driven from the door, Elizabeth was called and by her cousin to give her opinion of all that she had seen at Rosings, which for Charlotte's sake she made more favorable than it really was. But her commentation so costing her some trouble could by no means satisfy Mr. Collins and he was very soon obliged to take her Lady Ship's praise into his own hands. End of chapter 29 This is a liberal box recording. All liberal box recordings are in the public domain. For more information, which a volunteer, visit librivox.org. Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen, chapter 30. Sir Williams stayed only a week at Huntsford, but his visit was long enough to convince him of his daughters being most comfortably settled. And of her possessing such a husband and such a neighbor as we're not often met with. Last Sir Williams was with them, Mr. Collins devoted his morning to driving him out in his gig and showing him the country. But when he went away, the whole family returned to their usual influence. And Elizabeth was thankful to find that they did not see more of a cousin by the alteration, for the chief of the time between breakfast and dinner. It was now passed by him on the way work in the garden, or in reading and writing and looking out of the window in his own bookroom, which French had the road. The room in which the Lady sat was out there. Elizabeth, at first, rather wondered that Charlotte should not prefer the dining-prior for common use. It was a better sized room and had a more pleasant aspect. But she soon saw that her friend had an excellent reason for what she did. For Mr. Collins would undoubtedly have been much less in his own apartment. Had they sat in one equally lively, and she gave Charlotte credit for the arranged. From the drawing, really could distinguish nothing in the lane, and were indented to Mr. Collins for the knowledge of what herde is going to long and how often especially, Mr. Ward. Which would never fail for the two of them. The winner. Every day. She not unfrequently stopped at the personage, and had a few minutes conversation with Charlotte, but was scarcely ever prevailed upon to get out. Very few days passed in which Mr. Collins did not walk to Rosings, and not many in which his wife did not think it necessary to go likewise. To Elizabeth recollected that there might be other family the things to be disposed of, she could not understand the sacrifice of so many hours. Now and then they were honored with the call from her leadership, and nothing escaped her observation that was passing in the room during these visits. She examined into their employment. looked at their work, and advised them to do it differently, found fault with the arrangement of the furniture, or detected the housemate in negligence. And if she accepted any refreshments, the scene would do it only for the sake of finding out that this is Collins' fault. Hmm. I mean, it's soon perceived that the discreet lady was not in commission of the piece of the county. She was the most active member straight in her entire life. The minutest concerns of which were carried to her by Mr. Collins. And whenever any of the cottagers were disposed to be quarrelsome, discontentative or too poor, she sallied forth into the village to settle their differences, silence their complaints, and scold them into harmony and plenty. The entertainment of dining at Rosings was repeated about twice a week, and allowing for the loss of Sir William, and there being only one card table in the evening, every such entertainment was the counterpart of the first. Their other engagements were famous as the style of living in the neighborhood in general, would be on Mr. Collins's reach. This however was no evil to live as a bit, and upon the whole she spent her time comfortably enough. There were half hours of pleasant conversation with Charlotte, and then whether it was so fine for the time of year that she had often great enjoyment out of doors. Her favorite one, in which she frequently went while the others were calling on Lady Catherine, was a lonely open grove which edged that side of the park, where there was a nice sheltered path which no one seemed to value but herself, and where she felt behind the reach of Lady Catherine's curiosity. In this quiet room, the first fortnight of her visit seemed passed away. Easter was approaching, and the week preceding it was to bring in addition to the family at Rosings, which in so small a circle must be important. Elizabeth had heard soon after her arrival that Mr. Darcy was expected there in the course of a few weeks, and though there were not many of her acquaintances who she did not prefer, his coming wood furnished one comparatively new to look at in their Rosings parties, and she might be amused in seeing how hopeless Ms. Bingley's designs on him were, by his behavior to his cousin. For whom he was evidently destined by Lady Catherine, who talked to his coming with the greatest satisfaction, spoke of him in terms of the highest admiration, and seemed almost angry to find that he had already been—he was a little more nervous than Mr. Collins was walking the whole morning with in view of the lodges opening into his bedlaying. In order to have the earliest assurance of it, and after making his bow as the carriage turned into the park, her heat home with the great intelligence. On the following morning, he hastened to Rosings to pay his respects. There were two nephews of Lady Catherine to require them, for Mr. Darcy had brought with him a Colonel Fitzwilliam, the younger son of his Lord, and to the great surprise of all the party, when Mr. Collins returned, the gentleman accompanied him. Shire that had seen them from her husband's room crossing the road, and immediately running into the other, told the girls what an honor they might expect adding, I may thank you Eliza for this piece of civility. Mr. Darcy would never have come so soon to wait upon me. Elizabeth had scarcely time to disclaim all right to the compliment, before their approach was announced by the Lord El, and shortly afterwards, took the regentalment entry to the room. Colonel Fitzwilliam who led the way was about 30, not handsome, but in person and address most truly the gentleman. Mr. Darcy looked just as he had been used to look in her picture. Payed his compliments with the usual reserve to Mrs. Collins, and whatever might be his feelings towards her friend met her with every appearance of composure, Elizabeth would recruit to two women who'd have seen her. Colonel Fitzwilliam entered into the conversation directly with the readiness and ease of a well-bred man, and talked very pleasantly, but his cousin, after having addressed a slight observation on the house in garden to Mrs. Collins, so at present I am not speaking to anybody. At length however, his civility was so far awakened as to inquire of Elizabeth after the help of the family. She answered him in the usual way, and after a moment's pause added, my old sister has been in town these three months. Have you never happened to see her there? She was perfectly sensible that he never had, but she wished to see whether he would be tri-any consciousness of what had passed between the Bingles and Jane, and she thought he looked a little confused as he answered that he'd never been so fortunate as to meet Mrs. Bennett. The subject was pursued no farther and the gentleman soon afterwards went to her. End of chapter 30. Red by Christian McWillen, Tokyo Japan, November 7th, 2005.