 This is a liberal box recording. All liberal box recordings are in the public domain. For more information, call to volunteer, please visit www.vibilvals.com. The coding box, I don't know. Let me go to www.vibilvals.com Slash immature, underscore, indefinitely. The yellow wall pit, by Charlotte Perkins Ginnon. It is very seldom that mere ordinary people like John and myself secure ancestral halls for the summer. A colonial mansion, a hereditary estate. I would say a haunted house, and reached the height of a manic velocity, without the asking too much of fate. Still, I would proudly declare that there is something queer about it. Folks, why else should it be let so chiefly, and why have stood so long-antimated, John laughs at me across. But one expects that in marriage. John is practical in the extreme. He has no patience with faith, and in 10th part of the superstition. And he snows, honours, honours, honours, was not to be felt and seen and put down in figures. John is a physician, and perhaps, I would not say, to a living soul, of course, with this his dead paper, and I gradually left to my mind, perhaps that there is one reason I did not get well, vasted. You see, he does not believe I am sick, and what can wonder if a physician of high standing, and one's own husband, a sure-sphrins and relatives, if there is really nothing that matters with one, but simply there is nervous depression, a slight hysteria tendency. What is one to do? My brother is also a physician, and also a high standing, and he says the same thing. So I take false faiths or false fights, whichever it is, and tonics, and journeys, and air, and exercise, and absolutely forbidden to work until I am well again. Personally, I disagree with their ideas. Personally, I believe that can heal work, but it's a slightly changed, with doing me good. But what is one to do? I did write for a clown's body, but it does exhaust me a good deal, having to be so slay about it, or else meet with heavy opposition. I sometimes fancy my condition, if I had less opposition and more society and stimulus, the John says the very worst thing I can do is think about my profession, and I confess it always makes me feel bad. So I will let it alone and talk about the house. The most beautiful place, it is quite alone standing well back from the road, quite three miles from the village, and makes me think of English places that you read about, where there are hedges and walls and gates that lock, and lots of separate little houses for the gardeners and people. There is a delicious garden. I never saw such a garden, large and shady, full of box-borted paths, and lined with long-grip covered arboras with seats under them. There were green houses too, but they're all broken now. There was some legal trouble I believe, something about the house, co-hairs, the place has been empty for years. That spoils my ghostliness, I am afraid, but I don't care. There is something strange about the house, I can feel it. I even said so to John when we were talking about him. But he said what I felt was a drought, and shut the window. I get unreasonably angry with John sometimes. I'm sure I never used to be so sensitive. I think it is due to this nervous condition. But John says, if I feel so, I shall neglect proper self-control, so I take pain to control my soul, before him at least, and that makes me very tired. I don't like our room a bit. I wanted one downstairs that opened on the Piazza, and had roses all over the window, and such pretty old fashioned chants hanging, but John would not hear of it. He said there was only one window, and not room for two beds, and no near room for him if he took another. He was very careful in loving, and hardly lets me stir without special direction. I have a scheduled prescription for each hour in the day. He takes all care from me, and so I feel basically ungrateful, not to value it more. He said we came here solely on my account, that I was to have perfect rest, and all the air I could get. Your exercise depends on your strength, my dear. Said he, and your food somewhat on your appetite. But air you can absorb all the time. So he took the nursery at the top of the house. It is a big air room, the whole four-year-old, with windows that look always, an air and sunshine glow. It was nursery first, and then play room and gymnasium, I should judge. But the windows are bought for little children, and there are rings and things in the walls. The paint and paper look as if a boy's school had understood. It is stripped off of the paper. In great patches all around the head of my bed, about as far as I can reach. And in a great place on the other side of the room, low down, I never saw a worse paper in my life. One of the sprawling, flamboyant habits, committing every artistic sin. As the girl left, confused the eye and followed, pronounced enough to constantly irritate and provoke study. And when you follow the main uncertain curves, a little distance, they suddenly commit suicide, and the ones off and out, really displeased, destroying themselves, and then purred out counteractions. The color is repellent, almost reported. A silken, un-stomping, extremely difficult, by the soil turning the sun. It is a dull, that mowered in a bright, soft-nonsense, sickly silken, 10 to millions. No wonder the children hated it. I should hate it myself, I had to live in this room long. There comes John, I must put this away. He hates to have my right over. We had been here two weeks, and I haven't felt like riding before, since that first day. I'm sitting by the window now, up in this atrocious nursery, and there's nothing to hinder my riding as much as I please, say black or strength. John is away all day, and even some nights when his cases are serious, I'm glad my case is not serious. But these nervous troubles are dreadfully depressing. John does not know how much I really suffer. He knows there is no reason to suffer, and that satisfies him. Of course it is only nervousness. It does lay on me so, not to do my duty in any way. I'm into be such a help to John, such a real rest and comfort, and here I am, a comparative burden already. No one would believe what an effort it is to do what little I am able to dress and entertain. Another thing is, it is fortunate, Mary is so good with the baby, such a dear baby. And yet I cannot be with him, makes me so nervous. I suppose John was never nervous in his life. He left me so about this wallpaper. At first he meant to repay for the room, but afterwards he said that I was letting it get the better of me, and that nothing was worse for a nervous patient than to give way to such mancies. He said that after the wallpip was changed, it would be the heavy bed stare, and in the barred windows, and in the gated, the head of the stairs, and so on. You know the place is doing you good, he said, and really dear, I don't care to renovate the house just for a three-month rental. Then do let us go downstairs, I said, there are such pretty rooms there, then he took me in his arms and called me a blessed little piece, and said he would go down to the cellar, if I wished, and have it quite washed into the bargain. But he is right enough about the beds and windows and things. It is an area and comfortable room, as any one need wish, and of course, I would not be so silliest to make him uncomfortable, just for all who will. I'm really getting quite fond of the big room, all of the men who are in the paper. Not one window I can see the garden, those mysterious deep shaded arbors, the riotous floor fashion frames, and bushes are made to me. I don't have another blanket, I can rub my hand, and I don't need private cloth, belonging to the estate. There is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. I always fancy, I see people walking in these numerous paths, and arbors, but John is crushing me, not to give away to fancy movies. He says that with my imaginative power and habit of story making, I'm nervous weakness like mine, is sure to lead to all manners of excited fancies, and that I ought to use my will, and good sense to check the tendency. So I try. I think sometimes, that if I were only well enough to write through the world, it would relieve the press of ideas and rest me. But I find I get pretty tired when I try. It is so discouraging, not to have any advice and companionship about my work. When I get really well, John says we will ask cousin Henry and Julia down for a long visit. He says he would as soon as put fireworks in my pillowcase. I still let me have those stimulating people about me now. I wish I could get well faster. But I must not think about that. This paper looks to me as if it knew what a vicious influence it had. There is a recurrent spot where the pattern lowers like a broken neck, and two bulbous eyes stare at you upside down. I get positively angry with the impertinence of it, and the everlastingness. Up and down in sideways they call. And those absurd unbooming eyes are everywhere. There is one little place where two breaths didn't match. And the eyes go all up and down the line. One little higher than the other. I never saw so much expression in an ordinary thing. And we all know how much expression we have. I used to lie away from each other. I get an moment or pain and terror out of blank words and came furniture. The most children could find in a toy store. I remember but I kindly winked the knobs of our big old bureau used to have. And there is one chair that always seemed like a strong friend of. I used to feel that if any of the other things looked too free, I could always hop into that chair from the same. The furniture in this room is no worse than in harmonious power. But we had to bring it all up from down stairs. As opposed when this was used as a playroom, we had to take the nursery things out. And no wonder I never saw such radicals and the children's had made here. The wall of aim was us. It's torn off in spots. And it's thick and closer than a brother. They must have had perseverance as well as hatred. Then the floor is scratch and gouge and slender. The plaster itself is a dugout here and there. And this is a great hidden bed which you probably found in the room. Looks as if it had been through the walls. But I don't mind it a bit. When it's a paper. There comes John's sister. Such a dear girl she is. And so careful with me. I must not let her find me right away. She is a perfect and enthusiastic housekeeper. And hopes for no better profession. I barely believe she thinks it is the writing which made me sick. But I can write for you. And see her long way off from the windows. There is one that commands a raid. A lovely shaded wine in the room. And one that just looks off over the country. A lovely country too. For the great alms and all the metals. This wall paper has a kind of sub-padding and a different shade. A particularly irritating one. You can only see it in certain lights. And that clear of them. But in the places where it is infated. And where the sun is just so. I can see the strange, provoking. Formless of a foodie. It seems to scook about behind that silly and conspicuous but designed. There's sister on the stairs. Well, the fourth of July is over. The people are gone and I am tired out. John thought it might do me good to see a little company. So he just had mother and Mary and the children down for a week. Of course, I didn't do a thing. Jimmy seems to have everything now. But it tied me all the same. John says if I don't pick up faster, he shall send me to wear a Mitchell in the fall. But I don't want to get there at all. I had a friend who was in his hands once. And she says he's just like John and my brother. Only more so. Besides, it is such an undertaking. So far. Don't feel as if it was worthwhile to turn my hand over for anything. And I'm getting dreadfully fretful and careless. I cry at nothing and cry most of the time. Of course, I don't win John this year. Or anybody else. But when I am alone. Now I am alone. A good deal just now. John has kept in town very often by serious cases. And Jimmy is good and lets me alone when I want her to. So I walk a little in the garden, going down that lovely lane, sit on the porch under the roses, and lie down up here at good deal. I'm really getting fond of the room. It's quite good. Perhaps because. It dwells in my mind so. I lie here on this great and movable bed. It is nailed down. And follow that pattern about by the house. It is a good and gymnastics on the show. I start, I say, at the bottom. Down in the corner over there, what has not been touched. And I determine for the thousandth time that I will follow that pointless pattern of some sort of a conclusion. I know a little of the principle of design. And I know this thing was not arranged on any laws of radiation or alteration or repetition or symmetry or anything else that I never heard of. It is repeated of course by the breadth, but not otherwise. Looked at in one way, each breadth stands alone. The bloated curves and flourishes. I kind of debased Romanesque with delirium trimmons. Go ladling up and down in isolated columns of fatuity. But on the other hand, they connect diagonally. And the sprawling outlines run off in great slanting waves of optic horror. Like a lot of wallowing series in full chase. The whole thing goes horizontally too. At least it seems so. That exhaust myself and try not to distinguish the horror that's going in that direction. They have used a horizontal breadth for a freeze. And that adds one deflated confusion. There is one end of the room where it is almost intact. And there, when the cross light stayed in the low sun shines directly at the planet, I can almost fancy radiation after all. The interminable grotesque seemed to form around the common sensor. And rush off and hit along the plunges of equal distraction. It makes me tired to follow it. I will take a nap like this. I don't know why I should write this. I don't want to. I don't feel able. And I know John think it is a serr. But I must say what I feel and think in some way it is such a relief. But the effort is getting to be greater than the relief. Half the time now I am awfully lazy and lie down ever so much. John says I'm less of who is my stream. And he has me take the fun liver oil and lots of tonics and things to say nothing of ale and wine and rare meat. Dear John, he loves me dearly and hates to have me sick. I tried to have a real earnest reasonable talk with him the other day and tell him not to wish you had let me go and make a visit to cousin him and Julia. But he said I wasn't able to go nor able to stand it after I got there. And I did not make out a very good case for myself for I was crying with flyer finish. It is getting the great effort for me to think straight. Just this nervous weakness I suppose. And dear John gathered me up in his arms and just carried me upstairs and laid me on the bed and sat by me and led me to a tired my head. He said I was his darling and his comfort and all he had and that I must take care of myself for his sake and keep well. He says no one but myself can help me out of it. But I must use my will and self control and not let any silly fence run away with me. There's one comfort. The baby is well and happy and does not have to occupy this pierce where we've got a horrible hair. If we had not used it, the blessed child would have. What a fortune and escape. Why I wouldn't have a child of mine and impressionable little thing. Live in such a room for worlds. I never thought of it before but it is lucky that John kept me here after all. I can stand it so much easier than a baby you can see. Of course I never mentioned it to anyone. I need to rise. But I keep watching it all the same. There are things in that paper that nobody knows. I never will. Behind that outside pattern, the gym shakes it clear every day. It's always the same shape. Only very numerous. And it is like a woman stepping down and creeping about behind that pattern. I don't like it if it's I wonder if I begin to think. I wish John would take me away from here. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. So I kept still and watched the moon line and that humiliating wall paper till I felt creepy. The fake figure behind it seemed to shake the pattern just as if she wanted to get out. I got up softly and went to feel and see if the paper did move. And when I came back, John was awake. What is this little girl? He said, don't go walking about like that. You get cold. I thought it was a good time to talk. So I told him that I really was not gaining here and that I wished he would take me away. What do I do, I at least will be up in three weeks. And I can't see how to leave before. There are pairs and not done at home. And I cannot possibly leave town just now. Of course, if you were in any danger, I could and would. But you really are a better deer. Whether you can see it or not. I am a doctor deer and I know you're gaining flesh and color. Your appetite is better. I thought really much easier about you. I don't weigh a bit more, said I. Nor is much. And my appetite may be better in the evening when you are here. But it is worse in the morning when you are away. Bless her little heart, said he would a great big hug. She shall be a sick as she pleases. But now, let's improve the shining hours by going to sleep. And talk about it in the morning. And you won't go away? I ask, clearly. Why? How can I, dear? It is only three weeks more and then we will take a nice little trip of a few days while Ginny is getting the house ready. Really, dear? You are better. Better in body perhaps. I began and stopped short. For he set up straight and looked at me with such a stern, repurchable look that I could not stay another word. My darling, said he. I beg of you for my sake and for our child's sake, as well as for your own, that you will never, for one instant, let that idea into your mind. There is nothing so dangerous, so fascinating to a temperament like yours. It is a vault and foolish fancy. Can you not trust me as a physician when I tell you so? So of course I said no more on that score and we went to sleep before long. He thought I was asleep first, but I wasn't. And lay there for hours trying to decide whether that front pattern and that back pattern really did move together or separately. On a pattern like this by daylight, there is a lack of secrets. A defiance of law that is a constant irritant to a normal mind. The color is hideous enough and unreliable enough and infuriating enough. But the pattern is torturing. You think you have mastered it, but just as soon as you get well under way and following, it turns back some result and there you are. It slaps you in the face, knocks you down and tramples it on you. This is like a bad dream. The outside pattern is a florid arabesque, reminding one of a fungus. If you can imagine a toad stool enjoys, an interremitable string of toad stools, budding and sprouting in endless convolutions. Why? That is something like it. Sometimes there is one market peculiarity about this paper. I think nobody seems to notice that myself. And that is that it changes as the light changes. When the sun shoes in through the east window, I always watch for that first long straight rim. It changes so quickly that I never can quite believe it. That is why I watch it all the way. By moonlight, the moon shines in all night when there is a moon. I wouldn't know it was the same paper. At night, in any kind of light, in twilight, candlelight, lamplight, and worst of all by moonlight, it becomes bars. The outside pattern I mean, and the woman behind it as plain as can be. I didn't realize for a long time what the thing was that showed behind that dim sub pattern. And now I am quite sure it is a woman. By daylight, she is sedued, quiet. I fancy it as the pattern that keeps her so still. Is so puzzling? It keeps me quiet by the hour. I lie down ever so much now. John says it is good for me, and to sleep all I can. Indeed, he started to have it by making you lie down for an hour after each meal. It is a very bad habit I am convinced. For you see, I don't sleep. And that cultivates you to sleep. If I don't tell them I'm awake, oh no. The fact is, I'm getting a little afraid of John. He seems very clear sometimes. And even Ginny hasn't been super cool looking. It strikes me occasionally, just in a silent type of hypothesis. That perhaps it is the paper. I have watched John and he did not know I was looking. And coming to the room is suddenly, I am the most innocent excuses. I have caught him several times looking at the paper. I caught Ginny with her hand on it once. She didn't know I was in the room. And when I asked her, it was quite, it felt very quiet for us. The most restrained manner of possibly. What she was doing with the paper. She turned around as if she had been caught stealing and looked quite angry. Asked me why I should frighten her, so then she said, that the paper stained everything it touched. She had found mellow smutches on all my clothes and joints. And she wished me be more careful. Did not that sound innocent. But I know she was studying that pattern. And I am determined that nobody should find out that myself. Life is so very much more exciting now than it used to be. You see, I have something more to expect. I am going to do it, better? And I am more quiet than I was. Ginny is so pleased to see me improve. He laughed a little the other day and said I seemed to be flourishing and he is quite of my wallpaper. I turned it off with a laugh. I had no intention of telling him it was because of the wallpaper he would make fun of me. He might even want to take me away. I don't want to leave now until I have found it out. There is a week more and I think that will be enough. I am feeling ever so much better. I don't sleep much at night for it is so interesting to watch the developments. But I sleep a good deal in the daytime. In the daytime, this tiresome and perplexing. There are always new shoots on the funnest. And new shades of yellow all over it. I cannot keep counting them. Though I have tried conscientiously. It is the strangest yellow that wallpaper. It makes me think of all the yellow things I ever saw. Not beautiful ones like Buttercomps, but old foul, bad yellow things. But there is something else about that paper. The smell. I noticed at the moment we came into the room. But with so much air and sun it was not bad. Now we have had a week of fog in the rain. And whether the windows are open or not, the smell is still here. It creeps all over the house. I find it hovering and dying and scolicing in the power of hiding in the hall. While I am waiting on the stairs, it gets into my hair. Even when I go to ride, if I turn my head suddenly into prizes, there is that smell. Such a peculiar odor too. I have spent hours in trying to analyze it. To find what it smelled like. It is not bad at first. And very gentle. But quite the subtlest, most enduring odor I have ever met. And this damp weather it is awful. I wake up in the night and find it hanging over me. It used to disturb me at first. I thought seriously burning the house to reach the smell. But now I am used to it. The only thing I can think of is that it is like the colour of the paper. A yellow smell. There is a very funny mark on this wall to load down near the mop board. A street that runs around the room. It goes behind every piece of furniture except the bed. A long street even smooch. As if it had been rubbed over and over. I wonder how it was done and who did it. And what they did it for. Round and round and round and round and round and round. It makes me dizzy. I really have discovered something at last. They are watching so much and not. What a change of set. I have finally found it out. The front pattern does move. And no wonder the woman behind shakes it. Sometimes I think there are great many women behind. Sometimes only one. And she calls around fast. And her crawling shakes it all over. Then in the very bright spots she keeps still. And in the very shady spots she just takes hold of the bars and shakes them hard. And she is all the time trying to climb through. But nobody could climb through that pattern. It is strange also. I think that is why it has so many heads. They get through. And then the pattern strangles them off and turns them upside down and makes their eyes white. Those heads were covered or taken off. They are not in the past so bad. I think that woman gets out in the daytime. And I will tell you what. I have seen her. I can see her out of every one of the windows. It is the same woman. I know. And she is always creeping and most women do not creep by daylight. I see her on that long road under the trees. Creeping along. And when a carriage comes she hides under the blackberry vines. I don't blame her a bit. It must be very humiliating to be caught creeping by daylight. I always want to go on my creep by daylight. I can do it at night. For I know, John looks to spec something at once. And John is so queer now that I don't want to irritate him. I wish you would take another room. Besides, I don't want anybody to get that woman out at night but myself. I often wonder if I could see her out of all the windows at once. The turn as fast as I can, I can only see out of one at a time. And though I always see her, she may be able to creep faster than I can turn. I have watched her sometimes away off in the open country. Creeping as fast as a cloud shadow in a high wind. If only that top pattern could be gotten off from the emerald one. I mean to try it little by little. I have found out another funny thing. But I shot tell it at this time. There's not a lot of trust being too much. There are only two more days to get this paper off. My belief John is beginning to notice. I don't like to look in his eyes. And I heard him ask Jenny a lot of professional questions about me. She had a very good report to give. She said I slept a good deal in the daytime. John knows I don't sleep very well at night. For all I'm so quiet, he asked me all sorts of questions too. And pretended to be very loving and kind. As if I couldn't see through him. Still, I don't wonder he acts of sleeping in his paper for three months. It only interests me. But I feel sure John and Jenny are secretly affected by it. Harrah! This is the last day, but it is enough. John is to stay in town overnight. And won't be out until this evening. Jenny wanted to sleep with me for the slifeing. But I told her I should undoubtedly rest better for a night all alone. That was clever, but I really wasn't alone a bit. As soon as it was moonlight and that poor thing began to crawl and shake the pattern, I got up and ran to help her. I pulled and she shook. I shook and she pulled. And before morning we had peeled off the yards of the paper. I stripped about as high as my head and half around the room. And then when the sun came and that awful pattern began to laugh at me, I declared I would finish it today. We go away tomorrow. And they're all moving all my furniture down again to leave things as they were before. Jenny looked at the wall in the basement, but I told her merely that I did it at a pure spite of the vicious thing. She laughed and said she wouldn't mind doing it herself. But I must not get tired. How she could treat herself. But I am here. And no person touches this paper but me. Not alive. She tried to get me out of the room. It was too patent. But I said it was so quiet and empty and clean now that I believed I would lie down again and sleep all I could. I was not to wake me even for dinner. I would call when I would. So now she is gone and the servants are gone and the things are gone. And there is nothing left that great bedstead nailed down with a canvas mattress we found on it. We shall sleep downstairs tonight and take the boat home tomorrow. Not quite enjoyed the room. Now it is arrogant. How those children did tear about here. This bedstead is fairly nod. But I am as good to work. I have walked the door and thrown them down to the floor. I don't want to go out. And I don't want to have anybody come in until dawn. I want to stomp. I've got a rope up here that even didn't did not come. If that woman does get out and tries to get away, I can tie her. But I forgot I could not reach far without anything to stand on. This bed will not move. I tried to lift and push it until I was lame. And then I got so angry. I bit off a little piece at one corner but it hurt my teeth. Then I peeled off all the paper I could reach standing on the floor. It sticks horribly and the pattern just enjoys it. All those strangled heads and bulbous eyes and wobbling fungus gross. Just shriek with the origin. I'm getting angry enough to do something desperate. To jump out the window would be admirable exercise, but the bars are too strong even to try. Besides I wouldn't do it. Of course not. I know well enough, there's steplight that is improper and might be misconstrued. I don't like to even look out of the windows. There are so many of those creeping women and they creep so fast. I wonder if they all came out of that wall. But I am securely passing now by my well hidden rope. You don't get me out in the road there. I suppose I shall have to get back behind the pattern when it comes nice. And that is hard. It is so pleasant to be out in this great room and creep around as I please. I don't want to do that side. I won't. Even if Jing asks me to. For outside you have to creep on the ground and everything is green instead of yellow. But here I can creep smoothly on the floor. And my shoulder just gets into that long, smoother and more. So I cannot lose my way. Why? There's John at the door. It's no usual man. You came open it. How he does call and pound. Now he's crying for an axe. It would be a shame to break down that beautiful door. John dear. Said I in the generalless voice. The key is down by the front steps. Under a planteringly. That sounds dumb for a close. He said. I can't sit on. The key is down by the front door under a planteringly. And then I said it again. Several times. Very gently and slowly. And said it so often that he had to go and see. Any God of course came in. He stopped short by the door. What is the matter he cried for God's sake? What are you doing? I kept on creeping just the same. But I looked at him over my shoulder. I've got out at last. Said I. In spite of you and Jenny. And I've put on the ground. I. In spite of you and Jenny. And I've pulled off most of the paper. So you can't put me back. Now why should the man have fainted? But he did. And ran across my path by the wall. So that I had to creep over him every time. End of. The yellow wall paper. I showed. Perkins. Villain. Recorded by. Alan Noble. Thomasville. Alabama. October 20. Two thousand and six. The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The